i ve always had a good opinion of norton products . the multi device really does try to be an all around softwear enhancement to protect pretty much everything you re likely to own . everything i personally have is mac related , and i can honestly say that it s worked fine . it s not a memory hog , and i ve had more than a few protection package that were never worth the bother . it runs fine on my iphone , but since it tends to keep the battery running , i ve noticed a shorter battery life . on my macbook , there haven t been any issues but i rarely get issues with it . i can say a friend who purchased it for his pc uninstalled it because it caused conflicts and crashes . he was incredibly annoyed with the product . no such problems here . if you feel the need to protect your mac devices , you could do much worse . how useful this is for a mac owner , though , is a conclusion to which only the owner can come to .
this year i decided to go with the download version instead of the physical disc . it worked great , it looks like that s the way i ll be buying my copies in the future . as described , didn t have to worry aboiut shippingshipped promptly , lowest price i could find on the internet plus had the amazon guarantee . what more could you ask ? i m happy
the reason why we have to file taxes is because of intuit . they make bank off having people pay for state tax e filing even with the title of the software being as it is , it does not include state e filing . it can do them , and you can print them out , and mail them in , but it s 20 to file state taxes electronically and this goes to intuit , not the state or federal government . changing jobs , dumping my 401k after having taken off and not paid back entirely a couple 401k loans , i wanted to make it more painless . it did do that . i ll get this next year as well , but only to compare to what i ve done every year filed them myself . . . and see if the numbers are different . . . and why .
at this point i have been using ttax for the at least the past 15 years been so long now i really don t know exactly . i have found it to be a truly outstanding method of preparing my personal tax return . by the way , did i mention that i am a cpa !
i installed this version on a two year old desktop pc running windows 7 . the step up from home business 2013 with the only difference of publisher and access . pros technical 1 . no disc 2 . instructions were straightforward and easy four simple steps 3 . in depth explanations were available if you either needed or wanted them . 4 . easy to follow step by step 5 . downloaded quickly 6 . i was ready to start using office within 12 minutes after i started 7 . the publishing features are admittedly impressive , but obviously graphics intensive . i am pushing it by using it on a pc that is only a couple years old . so , if you got plenty of ram , and can handle memory eating , you are okay . functional a . i like the templates available when you open each office application , and knowing that there are many more at office com b . similar to office 2010 which i am very familiar with . c . the capability that i can save my files in the cloud offers many opportunities for collaboration and the ease of accessing my files no matter where i am or whose computer i am using . d . excel and word seem to respond faster than my previous version . cons 1 . windows 7 2 . windows 8 3 . windows in general . 4 . memory eater , but oddly not as bad as the h b version . could be due to windows 7 being better than windows 8 , but both still . . . stink . 5 . outlook . . . . now , completely useless . it s simply made for windows 8 , and those switching from windows 7 . both of which are in a love hate state . maybe i am becoming a mac fan boy , but i ve been on a pc since dos , and full force from 1990 , and still maintain , upgrade and buy new windows products and computers . i also hated mac up until almost 10 years ago . as time goes on , beyond the hype , mac is just more appealing and dependable . it is very hard to use software on a pc these days compared to a mac , and i never thought i would ever say that . i never took macs seriously , but when i use word processing and spreadsheet programs , i use the apple versions . i was fine with window xp . as soon as i upgraded one of my notebooks to windows 8 , i just stopped using it . i cannot get anything done on it . having this on my pc laptop is never going to be used . . . as i write this from my macbook pro .
i ve generally been bullish about the new features that microsoft has added to each new office version over the years . sure sometimes they were smaller , but particularly in excel the enhancements aways ended up being nice values adds spark lines , enhancements to pivot tables , etc . . however this ground to a halt in the 2013 upgrade . the ui took a turn for the worse . . . it looks extremely bland , flat and empty . . . almost like a half build prototype than a polished product . the new licensing program is a terrible step backwards and should give most purchasers a great pause . the push into office 365 and cloud data is a confusing blur from microsoft . . . even going to the microsoft website and trying to find this product and what s in professional versus other packages is a challenge . because of the licensing changes and the dumbed down interface it s hard to recommend this product .
i often have to email large files , and to save space in my email i like to zip the files . i used to use winzip many years ago and found it easy to use . then i changed computers and didn t have the software so i began using a free program i found on the internet . it was ok , but it wasn t as user friendly . now that i have the new winzip i am a happy camper again . it s easy to use , works like a charm and i love that you can now connect to cloud based storage . i like it ! i like it alot ! !
amazon has certainly fulfilled a lot of my needs by making it possible for me to just download it , enter a key code and use .
i am not a tech nerd so i didn t know if this product would require a bunch of set up or lengthy explanations to use but i was pleasantly surprised , easy to use , very secure and a breeze to set up , i like norton a lot !
norton s hotspot privacy by symantec is designed to keep your online activities private , to protect your logins and passwords , and provides identity theft protection . in my experience setting it up it was incredibly easy , quick , and everything seems to be in check . if you re a person who is constantly on public wifi , this is a very good product to protect your information . it can be used on up to five devices such as an ipad , ipod touch , mac , and pc . i like this software , and i have had no issues with it . i sometimes use public wifi when traveling so this software is very useful for me . it includes a one year protection .
i d like to be able to report on how it has actually protected me , but i have no way of knowing that so far anyway . however , it installed easily , though it required creation of a norton account if you don t already have one . you then enter your product key in the packaging , and download the software . easy from there . you have the option of having it detect hot spots and automatically activating . it does that perfectly on boot up . not a 5 star rating ? two reasons a product has to be the best of the best by far , and i don t see anything to make it stand out , plus i simply don t know how well it protects . being on a hot spot is no guarantee someone will attempt to harm your computer or steal data . but i also find nothing wrong with the product .
i didn t actually try hacking into the connection , but i assume it does what it says it will do as far as security , but i still won t use it , because it noticeably slowed things down . too bad .
the packaging suggests that it is possible to upgrade to windows 8 pro . it is not , unless you happen to have the appropriate iso file in hand . otherwise , your only choice is windows 8 . 1 pro . i tried every trick in the book , including a long phone call to microsoft . you can easily start the process , but you will always reach a point where an installer program tells you that it could not make an internet connection . this matters , because it is possible to save your installed programs and personal settings as you upgrade from windows 7 professional to windows 8 pro . it is also possible to save these two items as you upgrade from windows 8 pro to windows 8 . 1 pro . however , it is not possible to save these two items as you upgrade directly from windows 7 professional to windows 8 . 1 pro . i found a microsoft web page that spells all this out .
dont believe all the negativity we hear about windows 8 , no one likes change but once you get used to the new interface its great , about time we started seeing touch screen operating systems . i found a great book on how to get started using windows 8 nbsp <a data hook product link linked class a link normal href using windows 8 computer training dp b00bcgth7i ref cm cr arp d rvw txt ? ie utf8 >using windows 8 computer training < a> . once i got used to windows 8 i found it ran better than then previous versions .
i m a power user so i was tempted but unsure about windows 8 with all its metro interface and tiles . after using it for a bit i still think the old desktop interface is more suited to my style needs . the tiled interface is better suited for touch screens or people looking for a simpler interface to just web browsing , game playing or music video consumption . otherwise getting to work with multiple programs at once is more cumbersome and time consuming since a lot of screen changes are needed .
one for being a new os and one for being a successor os . as a new paradigm , i d give it a 5 . as a successor to win7 ? not even a 2 . it s a fork of the os family not an advancement . you would think ms would have learned this . every other release sucks . perhaps that s by intent a learning experience that users will pay to vent about . ms then collects the information and uses it to produce a working os . thus , win3 . 11 leads to nt3 . 5 which in turn leads to nt4 and then winme 2000 to vista oh wait , two failures in a row ! to win7 the big winner since nt4 and now , win8 . if you re a touch user or a tablet user or a new user or a user who just wants a computer for social media interaction and some document management plus photo manipulation , congrats . win 8 is for you . once you figure it out . apps for you to buy and ms to sell you and make money with . applications to do real work . a desktop for that occasional use once you know where it is . but if you re a dev or a power user of any kind . wow . no way . win 7 or perhaps a general move to mac . sure , you ll lose a lot of software and the software you do get will most likely be a generation behind , but you ll have superior hardware and a better interface . come on ms . release win8 for the masses . we get that . then release win8power or win8pro or win8real . whatever . don t make things like the desktop and multi tasking and the start menu afterthoughts . don t make me buy apple . so are you old ? don t care about computers outside the love you d give a toaster ? then win8 is for you . are you a computer user instead of an app user ? then win8 is a mess . just a hot mess . stick with win7 and wait for win9 . pray that they learn their lesson and don t drink their own kool aid . and if they do ? well , it ll give you time to save up for that macbookpro you want . or imac 27 .
this is an inexpensive way to upgrade a suitable older computer to the new windows 8 operating system . so far , i like windows 8 quite a bit . it is simple , intuitive and attractive comfortable . it makes me feel like i did back in the mac . system 7 days , before the downward mac . spiral to dysfunctional systems . no , it is not similar in any way to the old mac . sys . 7 , but it feels a bit like it . since that was the peak of mac . systems , then this new windows 8 operating system can certainly be said to be among the best yet . good work ms .
reasonable price , 1yr subscription license . can be installed on 5 devices , register and renew annually .
this is a software for you to rent each year instead purchase for permanent use . i know some tablets , such as my new surface 3 came with 1 year free promotional office 365 , but i still prefer to use office professional 2010 and 2013 . they are not subjected to annual payment and work as good as office 365 . no one is going to use office software on 5 devices so this might be good for cost share family members . that s why 2 star instead of 1 star is rated for the product .
this is old , old , old software marketed as new stuff . i ve been ripped off . this , like everything else microsoft touches these days , from the ford fusion s sync , through windows 8 , etc , is nothing but junk peddled on the rest of us so microsoft can survive economically . it is a has been company as far as i m concerned .
the hot button in amazon to office . com was a dead end , but once i navigated around a little i was able to get in . the download version requires that you create a microsoft account if you do not have one already . once in , my download was there waiting for me . microsoft says that the download takes from 13 to 90 minutes . mine downloaded and installed in less than 7 minutes and was operational even before the installation was completed . reading other reviews , i can understand how a person might get a bit lost trying to navigate the sign in and download protocol . however , if you are even a little intuitive , it is not that difficult . amazon provides a product key , but office . com does not require it . i saved it anyway . overall , it was a positive experience . i do have one suggestion . in order to avoid possible frustration , if you are running windows 8 . 1 and ie 11 , go into manage add ons and disable shockwave flash object before you start the download . shockwave has some glitches that causes ie 11 to stop working at unexpected times . knowing this , i disabled it before i attempted the download . shockwave causes some many freezes , why risk it ?
crappy software for a crappy operating system that is windows 8 . too buggy , can t search correctly , won t save sometimes , won t highlight cells sometimes , keeps crashing and making me lose my data .
important update 5 23 13 outlook has suddenly started deleting emails by itself . moving emails from the inbox to a local folder causes the email to disappear , not go to delete folder , but gone forever . we have lost critical data . do not trust this product ! had to upgrade my wife s office from xp to win 7 note win 8 is not business friendly , way too steep a learning curve . had to upgrade from office 2007 to 2013 pro too . worst mistake ever ! office productivity is at an all time low because no one can navigate through the suite due to unintuitive command grouping and placement . the color scheme white , light gray , medium gray is giving everyone headaches due to eye strain . i get 2 3 calls daily asking for help with what should be basic stuff . microsoft team if you read this and dare to reply be advised that you have dropped the ball with this one . don t you dare try to tell me that you really improved this product because 5 out of 5 people in my wife s office agree that after a month of enduring this software they despise this product and wish we could go back to office 2007 . if possible i would give a negative 5 rating .
fist , there is not much new here and it isn t worth the price in my opinion . i run both 2007 and 2010 . the licensing terms are so poor , no one should consider buying this . it is for this reason , i switched my business to google apps . they just work , they are inexpensive and they are constantly being enhanced . why steve ballmer still has a job is beyond me .
it s irritating that microsoft is stopping support for windows xp , and is essentially forcing everyone to either windows 7 w 7 or windows 8 w 8 . but it s even more irritating that if you go to w 8 and still want microsoft office you have to also buy a new copy of microsoft s office 2013 , even though i already have office 97 , 2000 , 2007 , and 2010 ! windows 8 will only work with office 2013 ! having used all of the mentioned previous versions of ms office , why in the heck do i not only have to buy the 2013 version but then have to re learn how to do what i was able to do easily with the previous versions ? it took anoth 50 book on office 2013 , but now i am at least able to stumble around reasonably well in 2013 . if you have a choice , stay with w 7 instead of moving to w 8 and having to learn a whole new operating system and a whole differently operated office program !
good software , excellent mgmt tools for tech services and repairs . 3 user license install .
haven t had any problem things float through this norton protector ! great product !
i run my imaging software off a usb , rather than install it . i think this is a key to success . but if your looking for something faster , more convenient , and much cheaper , that will run inside or out side windows , and have a 80gig hard drive backed up in about 2 minutes , then you need to check this out ax64 time machine . . . if you backup or image your pc . . . use ax64 time machine ! backups up 80gig on c drive in probably 2 minutes . and it does it while in windows , no reboot needed . if you need to use it because windows won t boot , it comes with a usb cd in the downloaded product . does bare metal restore too , so even if you get a new computer you can use it to restore your pc . always been an acronis ghost user . . . but man ax64 time machine for windows , is fast . . . fast ! and simple to use to , and doesn t mess with your mbr . saves to any drive . . . if you need a backup utility , get this . . .
i like norton utilities for a thorough cleanup of my hard drives . be careful to watch your settings on installation or you might find some browsing history that you would have liked to keep gone . a reliable , reasonably priced product with a long track record .
back in the day i used to love norton utilities . it has been about 10 years since i tried it and i was thinking that my startup was getting slow , so i decided to buy it . i found out that it didn t really help any with my startup and it was a pain in that it would delete all of my internet settings everyday . this had some weird impacts such as my shopping sites losing my information , my browser losing my basic settings , being constantly asked if i would like the site to remember my settings , etc . anyway , i could extend the time between cleanings but this was the only thing besides defragging the hard drive that i could discern that the program did . it isn t worth the trouble .
that s the one problem with this program . . . it can wreck others . so you ll save yourself a lot of frustration by uninstalling the previous programs first . that done , this will clean up and be a bonus for you .
i ve used various norton products since the 1990s and have used their utilities tools packages before . however , their software became increasingly demanding on system resources and sometimes caused problems for other programs . so i started trying other products , like registry mechanic and iolo lab s system mechanic . i was interested in trying this latest version of norton out after using competing products for the last several years . it didn t win me back over . i find the iolo system mechanic interface easier to navigate , and their software doesn t cause any problems . norton s package , on the other hand , sometimes seems to go too far when it cleans things up , causing problems . for example , i set norton s latest loose on a three year old build recently . i build my own pcs . it s an amd phenom ii 965be based machine running windows 7 professional . i allowed norton utilities to make some of its suggested changes . then various programs stopped working . norton deleted several . dll files that it contended were extraneous . however , programs needed them . adobe reader stopped working , among others . i had to repair several program installations after allowing norton to savage my system . i never had a similar problem with system mechanic or registry mechanic . worse , i have a ssd solid state drive in that build . norton utilities wants to defragment it ! you don t defragment ssds . iolo lab s software recognizes ssds , treats them appropriately , and can even perform proper optimization on them . norton , on the other hand , wants to treat ssds like mechanical hard disks . bad news . norton badly needs to improve their software to address newer technologies . the norton software doesn t seem as resource intensive now , but it just doesn t compare to other products i ve used recently in terms of general trustworthiness . burn me once , shame on you . burn me twice , norton , shame on me . install at your own risk . i m going to be removing this software from my pc promptly , hoping that it didn t do more damage than what i m already aware of .
this version is slightly better . i think there is a free trial version to try before making the leap , it might be best to try that before investing in this . while the dash is decent , and the auto uninstall is good , there wasn t much difference despite the clean up . while i did not expect a miracle , it was just ok .
i was very happy with corel videostudio pro6 . although i have some film editing experience , i can t say that digital editing has ever come easily . it doesn t . i ve used final cut express , but found it frustrating in many ways and , i can t explain why really , but the learning curve was steep . corel videostudio pro6 just seemed so much more intuitive perhaps the difference , for me , between a pc product and a mac one . it is based on the drag and drop idea and is very easy to put a simple film together very quickly , including music , titles , etc . i say easy but that is with one caveat i did need to read directions and the help feature wasn t valuable . i didn t see any tutorial at corel that helped . there are some simple instructional videos on youtube but everything i found was pretty unmemorable and nothing that actually was set up to get you started . i bought a book there s not one for corel videostudio pro6 , so i bought pro5 and it was very helpful . <a data hook product link linked class a link normal href picture yourself making creative movies with corel videostudio pro x5 dp 1285079019 ref cm cr arp d rvw txt ? ie utf8 >picture yourself making creative movies with corel videostudio pro x5< a> when you think how expensive adobe premiere is , this is a really great and inexpensive and easy to use software . if you worry about the poster here who mentioned audio , you can easily work around that by overdubbing your audio your camera probably doesn t record audio all that well anyway . to quote , because i think it could be overlooked you can add audio files to your project in any of the following ways add audio files to the library from a local or network drive . rip audio from cd record a voice over clip use auto music note you can also extract audio from a video file . to add an audio file to the library click the import media files button to browse for audio files in your computer . . . it s also easy to incorporate stills and screenshots all kinds of uses for teachers or youtube hobbyists or more . imo , many monetized sites on youtube have videos that could benefit from some good corel editing .
as a long time videostudio user , i have been pleased with the updates to this software . i have mostly been using version x4 . i have installed x5 , but did not notice much improvement and , after upgrading my computer , decided to stick to x4 . it seems the even versions of videostudio perform better are more stable than the odd versions for some reason . this version appears stable . i have not had it crash or hang . it seems to process videos faster . it also accepts a large variety of sources and creates video for dvd , blu ray , web , and mobile devices . unfortunately , until i can convince my wife to get an ultra high definition tv , i won t be able to test this new feature . the 3d feature appears to be still operational but is not as prominent . it will use either tagged 3d media clips or simulate 3d from 2d media . one difference from x5 is there is no hard copies included . newer videostudio users will be at a disadvantage since there is a bit of a learning curve with this software . i always liked the hard copy for quick reference even if the information did not change much from version to version .
installation on my desktop running windows 7 went very smoothly took about 15 minutes from start to finish and i found the software to be surprisingly snappy when processing videos . but i need to back up a moment and mention that although i spend a great deal of time working on graphics , i m new to video editing aside from some tutorial and review videos i did using techsmith s camtasia and this software has a serious learning curve . i would actually recommend the first thing a new user do is download the documentation which is surprisingly thorough and actually helpful from the corel website and read it . but be warned , it s massive . moving along , i ve mainly been using this software to create relatively short movies longest being about 15 minutes geared toward teaching reviewing and have found them to compile render quickly less than 30 minutes apiece . and the software sports and amazing number of features , but i m absolutely in love with its subtitle feature . it s a little scary how easy they are to add and the software detects where the sound clips are so you don t need to manually queue up the subtitles to speech that was an absolute joy for me . overall i enjoy using this software and find myself opening it far more than casmtasia when i need to edit a video . now i would be remiss if i didn t mention that privacy junkies should be certain to completely read the licensing agreement because it grants corel the right to collect certain data along with potentially personally identifiable information through use of the software . and it also states that the software can only be installed on a single machine and in the event you need to install it on another machine should your hard disk fail it seems that s the only scenario in which you d be allowed to reinstall the software on another computer you must call corel s customer service for permission to do so . . . this could cramp the style of a multi computer household , and at least apple gives you the ability to deregister a computer via its website .
creating , editing , and sharing videos is easy with<a data hook product link linked class a link normal href videostudio pro x6 dp b00bfncfz4 ref cm cr arp d rvw txt ? ie utf8 >videostudio pro x6< a> . every camera i own that records video does it in a different format , and pro 6 recognizes every single format . this is just one aspect of its true versatility . it doesn t matter if i want to edit video from a webcam , dlsr or digital camera , or a videocamera . as long as the files are on my computer , and i can find them heh heh , it can edit them . the project manager has a browse button . just choose the files you want to edit and off you go . improve the video and sound quality with the installed correction tools , add titles and transitions easily . they re in the software package , or you can make your own . i ve done it . it works ! you can use what s in the package , or add your unique titles and transitions . you can also add voice overs and music tracks . you can save your videos to disk , or share them on youtube . there s a button for that . all of this works fast , and if you don t like what you did , you can change it . as a hobbyist , i spend more time doing this than anything else . the one thing i wish corel would do is offer a buying option that allows you to purchase a hard copy of the user manual for a nominal fee . i know , a lot of people aren t going to read a manual , but when i m on the computer and need to look up how to do something , it s easier for me to have a book . there is an online guide you can download , but i want the book . still , i m happy with this software , which is compatible with windows 8 , by the way .
i ve used dozens of editing software packages , even beta testing some . i currently edit promo vids from small biz . i used x6 for a quick turnaround commercial . very easy to jump in and edit . everyone loved the results . no issues with bugs yet .
been using videostudio since x4 . rock solid app , unlike powerdirector , which is a crash happy piece of junk that produces pixelated dvds and blurays that the user can t make any adjustments to fix ! . but vsx6 s new features are minor features that do not warrant an entirely new release . in its defense , videostudio has much better quality settings than powerdirector which has none at all , and has total control over encoding settings which is crucial , so thankfully corel delivers . after all , what your dvd or bluray actually shows on screen is far more important than whatever conveniences you may enjoy during the editing process . however , i will not pay for another version of this software and i m sticking with x5 until corel realizes what century this is and updates this slapped together multi product package to 64 bit . editing hd video in this software , even with proxy files enabled , is painfully slow and sluggish . it is astounding that they have updated corel paintshop pro to 64 bit while videostudio , the product that actually needs the 64 bit update , gets released as another version of on its knees 32 bit . we re now into our 4th fourth ! version of 64 bit windows that began all the way back in 2001 with the release of winxp 64 . c mon , corel , i know you re reading this . there s no excuse for this anymore , so what the heck ? if you re gonna release bloatware developed with microsoft visual studio , then you better at least make it 64 bit or it s gonna run like , well , corel videostudio x6 .
firstly , the install of this on a windows 7 machine was flawless . entering the usual data yielded a quick and painless install . the interface is intuitive to me , there are wizards to get the uninitiated up and running and a fairly full featured interface for the initiated . corel has packed some nifty features in this version . i really like the motion tracking , and having the ability have more than one instance is useful . for those that don t know what motion tracking is , imagine having a little mosaic over something , like a face , that follows that person throughout the clip . i also like the variable speed , when using a key frame , this allows one to create the speed up then slow down effects that are popular today . i have had some fun with the stop motion tool , it creates very nice results . there are some in software tools to control the dslr camera , and in general i found them useful . the tool has given me the desire to fiddle with it . . . taking me back to the holiday specials of my youth . . . lol . further , the pro level special effects pack that comes with the ultimate edition is very good . prodad handscript yeilds some very cool handwriting effects , prodad mercali se does a great job of post shooting image stabilization it took a lot of jerkiness out of some footage shot while walking , boris grafitti lets you create spiffy titles , and newblue colorfast lets you color correct the footage . for me , the 4k video is a nonstarter , as i don t have a camera for it , but it s nice to know the program has the capability . lastly , the html5 export gives one full interactive controls for a video created to be played on a webpage , of course this requires an html5 capable browser . one caveat about the html5 feature , you have to start the project as html5 , i wasn t able to convert an existing video to html5 playable video with the program . overall , x6 is an intuitive , robust consumer levle video editing program .
corel continues to be the best budget software choice for video , audio and photo editing . the controls are intuitive and online support is great . corel is a well established company that has worked on finely honing its products over the years . i own several different corel packages and they have all been great . if you can t afford adobe but want something better than freeware then i highly recommend this product .
don t buy it . you will be sorry if you have to reformat your drive or re install the operating system . you can t re install kaspersky a second time . so you just flushed the price of this questionable program . i had the program installed for 3 days . due to a virus that kaspersky missed i had to reload the os windows 8 . 1 to the factory settings . which of course erases all the installed programs . so now i try to re install kaspersky . nope , cannot be done . and search their web site , trouble shooting , forum and support , . . . nothing . it will not activate with the original activation code supplied . well , you can still get some use out of the disk . it makes an excellent 40 . 00 frisbee for your dog to chase around . especially one that has the habit of eating poop .
horrible , and i ve only had it for 24 hours . summary kaspersky total allowed vicious malware from filezilla , an ftp program that now contains malware which prevents you from using google ! i spent over an hour online with 3 different support people , and the last one said it would take 24 48 hours to fix it ! internet research shows this problem has been around for 3 months details i was setting up a brand new machine from dell . in the first day , when i installed filezilla , from filezillas site , it puts this evil malware called vosteran on your machine that takes over as a search engine . even if you go into chrome to remove it , it adds itself back in . vosteran is evil , and filezilla sold out in sept of 2014 , as wikipedia shows . simple problem , and 3 months old , but kaspersky didn t stop it . even after creating an account at kaspersky , you cant make comments on their web page find out later you needed to verify by email , but they don t tell you that up front . called kaspersky , and the woman spoke softly and couldn t understand me due to her accent , so i asked to speak to someone else . she wouldnt let me speak to someone else ! she couldn t fix the problem , and said shed send me an email about how to fix the problem , because for some reason , they don t put the solution online . of course , they also allowed the malware onto my machine . the next person told me that there would be an additional charge if their technical support had to solve the problem that they originally caused because their total security didn t stop the malware . amazing . the email didn t arrive , and she hung up on me . the next guy didn t speak english well either , and said he sent me an email . by this point , id gotten about 8 emails from kaspersky , from their forums that i tried to sign up for which were sending verification emails , which they never said they were sending , which was the reason that they didn t let me make comments , and finally , one from the previous woman , which came about 15 minutes late . the 2nd guy escalates to a 3rd woman , who says i have to run a program , send them a log file , and then wait 24 48 hours to get a response . just got an email they closed my case , and its still not solved . total time wasted so far trying to get rid of malware kaspersky
well i guess its my own fault for not reading everything but at the time that i picked this on my vine list the information on it wasn t very clear . i thought i was ordering a external dvd drive . and it was probably more wishful thinking since i really need a new dvd drive for my laptop . since it s a program and my dvd drive isn t working i cant install it right now . so for now i cant use it and since it is a vine item i cant send it back . once i get a dvd drive or get a new laptop then i will be able to install it and test drive it . then i will come back and update my review .
at a hundred bux retail , i expect a lot from a piece of software . this player does a lot . . . but , do you really need it ? ultimately , that s up to the individual buyer , but for me the answer was no . powerdvd does a lot . playback of dvds and blu ray movies including 3d ! with resolution enhancement an interface to use with a remote media playback via other pcs a cataloging function for your photos , music files , and videos sounds great . but for me , i really don t need these things . i just wanted to open a variety of video formats without switching between players , like avi , wmv , mov . i don t need a lot so this software was over kill for me . i do plan to test it on my network . i m hopeful that it will work on devices i don t have a dvd player installed , which would be great for today s netbooks ultrabooks although it looks like i might have to purchase stand alone players for each device for that . i will update once i try it . is powerdvd 13 ultra for you ? you decide . it s a wee bit expensive , and i m glad i gave it shot . if you liked earlier versions , you ll probably like this one too . is it the ultra experience ? probably not .
here s a simple , straightforward review . i have used cyberlink products for at least the last 5 10 years . i have always thought the software does what it says it will do and is easy in doing it . powerdvd 13 continues the tradition . installation on a win7 64 bit hp probook was a breeze stick the cd in and follow instructions . done . using the program was equally easy . first you enter the supplied product key . once activated internet connection required the welcome screen offers an option to see some tutorials on the cyberlink website the package also includes a printed manual that is well written , easy to understand , and helpful but i m not so sure you will even need the manual . once you get to the main screen it will tell you either to insert a bluray or dvd or click on play . it s that easy . really . not kidding . 5 stars . disclosure product provided at no cost for review purposes .
it s always hard to review security software unless until it doesn t work , and as far as i can tell , avira works just fine so far . however , it doesn t work as quickly as trend micro , and the interface and installation aren t quite as easy or user friendly . fact is there are probably better software security suites out there , and the price has come down on pretty much all of them . this is one place where it pays to find a really good suite , or to look around for the best low priced one you can find . not really sure this is it .
fun for fans of elmo and grover , with an emphasis on science , math and problem solving . i love teaching games those where kids think they are playing a game , but they are actually doing learning activities . they end up doing the same things in their pretend play later , which just cements what they are learning . this has been a big hit in our house with both my 3 year old who tends to guess more than learn , and my 6 year old , who does a pretty good job with the problem solving . this game card will work in multiple leapfrog devices , we use it in our leappad
i ve seen many negative reviews for the 2013 version and don t understand . some are awfully suspicious and most are complaining about having to pay for extra features rather than the product itself . some people want more for nothing . . . the 2014 edition is hitting the spot though . this is the best accounting software i ve tried . whether you run a small business or something very tiny out of your home , sage is worth it . pros easy to set up , use , and learn . obviously learning comes easier if you have an accounting or reporting background . runs smoothly and without error after a few weeks of use . sage has upgraded ! lots of features and the interface looks good . the software helps you determine which tools are most beneficial for your needs . good for forecasting and managing inventory .
sage 50 pro accounting is a decent choice for doing bookkeeping for small businesses . it s been re branded from peachtree to sage but not a whole lot has changed . most important features for me ability to pay bills to create invoices , handle accounts payable and accounts receivable track inventory budget and organize finances the software itself is not intuitive in my opinion , but the customer service line has been able to answer all my questions so far . an accounting background would come in handy . and as others mentioned , it does annoy me that the software has constant pitches for other software add ons from sage .
we have several rental homes , and we ve been tracking everything manually . with this tool , bills , receipts , and etc makes tracking and maintenance so much easier . installing on a windows 7 was simple and pain free . we do not have any accounting background , so figuring out some stuff was a bit of a hurdle . however , once you start to understand where everything is and how it s set up . it can smooth out the inner workings of your small business . it s a good tool .
i ve been using amazon music with my echo devices for about a little under a year now . overall its not a bad app , comparable in most ways to itunes the app has been refined considerably since its inception its more stable than it was . its still a bit hairy on the organization end , and uploading music from my own collections has been a bit problematic . some albums won t upload completely , which is why i only give the app four stars . its not as intuitive as some of the other music library apps available again i ll reference itunes but when coupled with amazon prime and a subscription , the scope of the amazon music selection is amazing .
i downloaded this from my work computer so that i can listen to music while i m at work on my account . it works really well .
i am somewhat so so toward amazon music . other online music locations are better in my opinion
i want lossless music . . . not 256 kb s . lossless .
while billed as working with windows 8 , it doesn t work on a windows 8 tablet . you can t scroll the lists in the your library area , making most of your music inaccessible . customer service told me that it s not compatible with windows tablets . perhaps this bug will be fixed in a future version .
i have a prime account . yesterday , i got the notice of their free music downloads . today , the player updated itself and found all the prime music i selected yesterday . the player works well , has great sound and album art . i don t have much experience using the player otherwise as i have only played a song or two since the recent update . so far , i just use it to access my prime music .
i have it on 3 pc s , 2 ipad s , 2 iphones absolutely fantastic . can t hardly beat free thanks amazon . so far loving prime and instant video on my ipad , iphone , boxee box first purchase on amazon , and roku
of course the music you download is perfect . but i found the cloud experience a little difficult at time . once i download my song , locating it on my computer can be frustrating to locate . once found , i put everything in a specific file location with the rest of my thousands of albums for easy access .
mcafee livesafe is meant to provide comprehensive online protection for your tablets , smartphones , and computers . to this end , this is the only internet security suite that covers an unlimited number of devices . this is spectacular for anyone that has multiple devices that they want to protect . this is the main reason that i tried this product . i don t use it for my tablets or smartphones , but i do use it on many computer , macs and pcs . installation was fast when it worked . on newer computers , i did run into an issue where the software would not show the installation buttons or allow you to close the installer . it was a very annoying problem but i was able to get it working after searching online for a bit . mcafee is aware of the issue , but no fix has happened yet . the virus protection is pretty standard . you can get some additional software like a toolbar that saves your passwords and shows safe websites in search results , and anti theft software for your laptop or ultrabook , although the software only works when your computer s bios supports it . it comes with anti spam features too . mcafee livesafe is an internet security suite that is pretty standard . the main selling point for me is that if you have multiple devices you want to protect , then this is a good deal , because you get unlimited installations on supported devices . other than that , if you get it to install successfully , it is pretty standard protection .
this was user friendly easy installation simple interface . understand this is offers basic security a little too basic for above asking price of 66 . 00 frankly . also , in the plus column you can use it on many devices and so far i hasn t slowed down the tablet and laptop i have it on so thats great . i also plan to put it on one of the smartphones . we usually only use certain computers for handling sensitive information . i can honestly say i would feel secure doing similar things with this mcafee livesafe in place . in closing it is a good deal and offers fair protection , don t expect a disk it does not have one few items do these days , don t expect it to remove a bunch viruses you already have it wont . mcafee offers solid protection performance .
mcafee livesafe is a bit different kind of protection for internet users . i received a retail card with instructions to go to the mcafee site and enter the product key on back of the card . registration was fairly quick and painless and i was not asked for a credit card number as i had feared . so far i have activated the mcafee safekey which is added to your browser . when you log in to a web site , a box pops up asking if you want to add it to your account . once added , the username and passwords encrypted and are remembered so that you can log in with one click in the future . i have not tested this feature extensively but look forward to doing so . sometimes it is frustrating to have to remember so many passwords so i am hoping that safekey will prove to solve that problem while keeping them safe from other eyes . other features claim to protect one s identity , photos , data , etc . i will definitely be testing that . another thing i like is that once an account has been created , the user has the option of using it on all their digital devices . i plan to protect my ipad and iphone asap .
honestech s stopmotion studio is easy to set up and use . you re going to need just one piece of hardware a camera ! either a webcam or dslr . if you already have a webcam set up , it will appear in stopmotion studio as a camera device in the dropdown menu as an option . before you start a stopmotion movie , you need to specify the capture size resolution and frame rate . the highest capture size you can select via a dropdown menu is camera dependent . for example , using my webcam , i can select a maximum resolution of 1920 x 1080 full hd . the frame rates you can select via another dropdown menu range from 5 to 30 . for more fluid motion in your stopmotion movie , select a higher frame rate . but remember , if you pick 30 as the frame rate that s 30 frames per second you re going to need to re position and take snapshots of your character s 30 times to get a whopping one second of movie ! the stopmotion studio interface is very intuitive . it consists of 3 panels 1 view screen 2 control panel 3 storyboard filmstrip . the view screen gives you a liveview of your camera . after you capture a snapshot , a thumbnail of it appears in the storyboard . you can play and edit your movie in the storyboard as you go along . the control panel lets you add a grid to the liveview in the view screen to help you position your characters precisely where you need them the grid size can be adjusted . one very nifty feature in the control panel is called key drawing . key drawing lets you sketch over the view screen , so you can mark the position s of your character s in the next frame . there are also special effects you can play around with , like green screen , which allows you to change the background your backyard , for example after production . you can also get really artistic and use the drawing and painting tools to add other elements like gunsmoke , flare , and laser beam . honestech s stopmotion studio is so incredibly intuitive that even a novice like myself who has never done stopmotion movies has no problem using it . as an adult , i have to admit i had a lot of fun using stopmotion studion . moms and dads , if you re getting this for your kid s , you will be able to get them up and running with minimal adult supervision . i m sure they ll have loads and loads of fun with this !
ive always enjoyed stop motion claymation movies . my only previous experience in making such a film comes from an interactive museum exhibit over a decade ago . although that previous experience was brief , it was far more time consuming and complicated than this software . honestech makes it easy to make stop motions movies ! to adequately judge how intuitive a software is to use , i like to see what i can determine without looking at the manual . i was able to figure out all of the software features covered in the quick start guide . that being said , its not intended to be used by professional movie makers because it does lack the 1001 menu controls that professionals want , but never use . if you re like me and you just want to make some quick movies for fun , then this is all you need . camera setup my webcam was already installed so the software recognized it immediately . you can also use a dslr camera if you want good image quality i didn t test that ability . frame capture capturing a frame is as easy as pressing the spacebar , or clicking a red button . to make positioning of the next frame easier , you can use whats called onionskin . onionskin onionskin superimposes the previous frame on top of your current camera view so that you can position your frame perfectly you can control the level of transparency . rotoscope similar to onionskin , you can open up a previously saved image to superimpose to aide in recreating a previous scene . again , the transparency is in your control . chroma key this is the green screen effect , only for the color of your choice . you can replace the background of your movie with an image of your choice . audio you can record audio or add background music . others you can add still frame photographs or images , title scene or ending credit scene , and you can also adjust contrast or apply image filters like black white . output you can upload files directly to facebook or youtube in addition to the usual save as movie options .
i m an interior designer , so the in which i use this program is different than an artist , so take this review with a grain of salt . i ve been really putting the program through its paces over the last month or so . i am an experienced photoshopper and sketchbook pro user and i really wasn t expecting to love corel painter as much as those two programs . and admittedly , corel isn t quite as versatile as ps , though i think it is actually better for straight art drawing painting applications than ps and certainly better than sbp . so if you need an art program and not an art rendering photo editing program , this is your guy . corel painter has some features that i absolutely can t live without . the perspective tool is invaluable for making renderings that look proportional and i imagine super handy for artists and the brush search tool is so nice . the watercolor and flow maps are , as far as i know , unique to cp and make amazing works of art . they help your image really go from digital to real world . i use a mac and cp has a feature that adjust the memory usage of your computer to optimize your program use , which is so clever and works perfect . working in cp becomes quick . and cp is much more user friendly and intuitive than ps , perhaps in part due to the limited capabilities compared to ps , but also because it is well designed . and if you just can t live without your ps , cp is actually compatible with ps and even share some plug ins . cp has a seemingly endless supply of brush , paper texture and media . i have no doubt i haven t even gotten to half of them . it s really hard to capture all of the benefits of cp , but for any artist or designer out there , it really is a fantastic program . i m so glad i made the switch .
i have always been a fan of kaspersky software because it doesn t take over your computer and slow it down as much as norton or others . with this release , however , that is questionable . i have noticed a tremendous slowdown of my computer after installation . the software has always been very basic , very barebones , but one that does the job right . that hasn t changed it seems . i like that it costs less than 1 a month per computer .
i installed this on an older windows vista laptop that i primarily use to download music and audiobooks with . since i don t use the laptop often , i really don t need bunch of fancy features with a virus or security program . installation was fairly easy and straightforward . i ve used avg free version for several years , with no problems . i decided to try this kaspersky anti virus product since it was offered to me through the amazon vine program . so far , i have no complaints . it updates automatically , and seems unobtrusive .
this is effective and efficient software whether used with a laptop or a pc . kaspersky has this user for life .
i had to match the version of qb that i have on my desktop computer so that i could work on my financials while i am on the road with my laptop .
yeah you read that right . the company has the programs fixed that after 3 years you can no longer use it . wont bring in any information any more to any of its forms . used to be when you bought something it wouldn t disable itself on you . so it s more like rent , not a purchase . but when it is up and running it works well . probably the best there is for small businesses .
the link that came with the product key card took me to the correct web page for downloading and , after creating an account , the software downloaded without a problem . same for two other pcs . i ve only had it running for two weeks , so i don t have long term experience , but everything is ok so far . i can t say that the software has exceeded my expectations or especially wowed me , so 4 stars for i like it .
the easiest and most detailed financial capability system i have used . i would not hesitate to tell others about this product .
oh quicken , how do i love thee ? let me count the ways . well , it does the job better than any other program of it s type . unfortunately , they have rightfully earned a reputation of software failures , including inaccuracies in budget computations that can lead to disaster . that said , i did not find any computational errors in this version . what i did find was that quicken customer service is still the same if your financial institution does not download properly into quicken , then it is your financial institution s problem . one of mine still doesn t work and another works intermittently . three work almost every time . the next big issue is that it doesn t work on my mac without turning it into a pc . i hate ms products . and the mac version is lame , as if mac uses are too stupid to understand finances . so why do i say that i love it ? simply because i need a program that does what this does and no one else makes one as good . i love that something is available .
unstable . slow . difficulty with cut and paste intermittent failures . happier with 2013 version .
the new quicken is almost the same as my older version was . since you have to pay full price rather than upgrade price to upgrade , i have to say that i would not have gotten 2015 if i had known there were really no improvements . i basically feel i was just as well off with the old version and quite a bit richer .
purchased this 2014 version , december 2013 to update from the 2011 version . a few new features that are okay but not really necessary . intuit requires an update every few years . . . . if . . . you wish to continue downloads from your bank or credit card company . will update this review when necessary .
download was very fast over my 50 25mbps network . i use an external drive for system backup , so a physical cd was not required . i use this software to track tenant expenses and incomes on two properties data can then be imported to turbotax software for easy filing .
i have been a quicken user for nearly 20 years , and i update each year even though it isn t necessary . if you re a user of quicken 2013 , the 2014 version doesn t add much , except perhaps some better integration with a quicken mobile app that i don t use . in past years , new versions would change the interface around requiring an adjustment period not this time . there s very little that appears different , and that s ok with me . and if you are new to quicken , it s a great tool for organizing your finances . in the 2013 version i had issues with it wildly mismatching downloaded transactions for one account . so far , i have not seen that with the 2014 version so i am keeping my fingers crossed .
package arrived quickly and was perfectly packaged to arrive in excellent condition . i got this upgrade with my turbo tax and was able to take advantage of some additional savings . i have been a quicken user for many years and the package is great and easy to use .
been using quicken for many years . my last update was the 2011 so i thought it time to update to 2014 . it s got a few bells and whistles but a few problems as well . took some effort to get the account updating to work correctly . i guess i look at it as supporting the company . what i d really like is a mac version equivalent to 2014 for windows .
i cannot believe amazon people are still buying quicken after years of bad reviews . quicken 2014 seems no different . i still have quicken premier 2010 for windows and refused to be forced into an upgrade . i now reconcile my visa account manually . someone at quicken needs to be fired . do you think apple would put up with horrible product quality . quicken loans got a jd power quality award . i wonder how quicken software would fare . wait 6 months before buying and see if anything improves . do not be the first to get arrows in your back .
the program doesn t offer much in the way of new features except for the mobile app . i wasn t real thrilled with the mobile app because it doesn t have many features and only allows one bank to be set up . i have several bank accounts so i uninstalled the app . the 2011 version worked fine for me , but it kept telling me i had to upgrade to get bank updates so i upgraded . i pretty much use quicken for basic accounting and haven t explored other features .
quicken deluxe 2014 is ok . . . . . . but with one or two items that i can t use . after using quicken 2010 for some time , the budgeting tool on 2014 was hard to get use to . i did not like it at first , but the more i worked with it the better it got and now it is working fine and saving me money . one thing that i have definitely changed when i write a check , i don t put it in checking . i put it in the mail and wait for it to reach my account and then , after the bank processes it , it downloads into checking . this is a better way because it is one hundred percent accurate . i don t know how the budgeting tool will work with downloading , but i will see . as far as items that i can t use quicken has a tool that allows for setting a savings goal , i can t use it because i already have a savings account that i download . i don t need another savings account . by the way , i don t have any of those mobile devices that you talk about . i have no need for them .
this kaspersky internet security kis suite installed without a hitch on my android tablets and pc running windows 7 . however , i just couldn t install kis on an older pc dell 8400 running windows xp that s in the guest room . during installation , it detected some remnants of avira antivirus that was installed years ago already deleted and cancelled the installation . i searched for any files or programs with avira but none were found . i managed to get all remnants of avira removed using an online forum and installed this security suite . kis is simple to setup , has all the expected features of a full security suite and runs silently in the background . no system slow downs unless kis is running a full scan along with several programs , browser windows active at the same time . for pcs , all internet security suites seem to become slower and hog system resources more after each windows update . whether kis will bog down systems in the long term remains to be seen .
download is very easy . installed it on 3 personal computers . the program works okay on all 3 . the only drawback is that my main home computer is not recognized on the network map . everything in the house including the other 2 are . tried everything to get it to show up , but nothing .
i got a trial version of mcafee internet security with a new windows 7 pro computer . it would not update more than once a week . i am used to running a scan in the wee small hours of every day . on every computer . could not tell from the mcafee website if total protection 2014 ran more often , but tried it . only scans once a week . you can make it scan less often . you can pick a different day of the week or a different time of day , but you cannot make it scan more than once a week . what do they care if it scans every night or not ? i have been doing this for years on many windows computers and i do not wear out hard drives any faster than anyone else . they update in the background , and you can run a scan while you are at the keyboard , but i want to run a scan when no one is at the keyboard . i had no problem removing microsoft security essentials from tow computers , mcafee internet security from one and mcafee enterprise oh , that s a horrible program interferes so often and installing four instances of total protection 2014 with two product keys . you only need the product key for the first of three installs . in the second and third install , mcafee gives you a serial number to use instead of the product key . i was sick of using mcafee enterprise and my network guy said that msse is too lightweight for an office . i sure wish it would scan every night .
i have used previous versions of kaspersky with great success . this version is toatlly different from past versions . it is complicated to find and figure out any settings . they went to a new format for setting things up , everything is now in a hidden file , different page , obscure setting with abstract abbreviations , technical descriptions and many unknown features and what they do or how to set them . i had it installed for about 4 months , downloaded a malware , the malware destroyed all the settings in kaspersky , it infected my computer , i had to use malwarebytes to rid it of these maladies . while the malware was removed , it left crumbs everywhere , my computer was starting while it was in sleep or hibernate , would start programs without being seen while i had it on , kaspersky sat idly by and did nothing . as i got into the program , i found that kaspersky was reset to allow incoming traffic . there was no warning , it just let it come in . very disappointed by the letdown . am now looking for a new program to replace this one .
installed it on two of my home computers and they had been perfectly protected ever since . i used to use norton 360 before but it used to slow my system quite a bit . i like kaspersky internet security for multiple reasons .
i have been dealing with a v suites for well over a decade now and kaspersky is one of the best . it does what it is supposed to do and the layout for end users is intuitive and really straight forward . it is one of the simplest and smartest layouts i ve seen from any a v maker . if you have another antivirus on your device first you need to remove it . if it starts up with your pc then you need to disable it as a startup item , restart your pc then remove it . reboot then install the new kaspersky software . don t overlap the two unless you want to risk a nightmare scenario of tech troubles . second you can go to the kaspersky site and download a free thirty day trial of the software not a pared down version but the real deal . you can get a feel for it that way and then when your software arrives from amazon you just need to enter in the product key code and you are good to go . fyi immediately after installing the software no matter if you download it or install it from cd , . . . update your virus definitions . it is a substantial file and it took me more than a half hour to download and install them all . also unlike some antivirus suites like b . defender there are no annoying pop up ads , spam , yet another reason i chose kaspersky over the competition . if i pay for something i deserve a product that works and to be spam free and you get that with kaspersky .
i have been using kaspersky for over 5 years and have not had a single virus , so it continues to be my choice for virus protection . i am really disappointed and frustrated with this version . . . it significantly slows down the loading of websites . turn it off and they load right up . turn it back on and the slow loading commences . until they fix this , i can t give it a higher rating than 2 stars . update after the latest updates websites load quickly again . i bumped it up to a 3 star . it still sometimes is really slow to start up and customer support is practically nonexistent .
i have been a long time user of this product . in fact , i have over 17 registered products with them . this version is incomplete and the basic function of syncing directories between computers does not work unless you buy cloud space from acronis . there are many , many folks out there that have reported this and other issues with this recent version . i did ask for a refund , one of the rare times i was so frustrated with a product that i went through the effort of asking . predictably , i was told because i was outside of the 30 day window they could not accommodate me . now , i have a proven track record over the years with their products , there is a wealth of other users that have the same issues i complained about and yet , they would refuse me the cost of their defective product in the hopes that i might stay for the next version or even an update of this version . so , save your money , look for any of the other alternatives and stay away from the 2015 version of this app .
you can put together a basic will with this , no problem so long as you get your what does that mean dictionary out . but if you want to be specific about certain things , it doesn t really help you write it in the legal way and often doesn t even give you the option . i guess there is no way around dealing with a dang lawyer for everything . . . including death ! great .
i will start by saying if you have very little assets , and are simply looking for basic protection and some simple powers of attorney and such , a basic unencumbered will your assets are paid for then this software might be ok . for the rest of the population that has children that will fight for there share and assets that will require disposition before dispensation . . . well you need a lawyer . i thought this would allow me to do some basic will and healthcare forms and that the online trust software would fill in the other concerns . unfortunately i found it just to basic . i d like some assets sold and the money entrusted to care for our animals . . . and so forth . not really an option here . however i did find that estate planing with an attorney was not nearly as expensive as i thought . around 300 for the will and 500 for trust and estate work . yes this is not cheap but i ll admit i was expecting more . and given the finite nature of the documents i found the advice valuable and sound . . . where as the computer program here just did what i told it . . .
provides a fairly easy to use walk through guide to creating a basic will . for more complex wills this really is insufficient as it doesn t allow you to easily divide up specific buckets of assets or investments and direct them at different beneficiaries , etc . and it also doesn t address tax and estate planning issues effectively . i give it four stars for anyone looking to create a basic will because it is user friendly for that purpose , but for anything but a non basic will you probably will need to go to an attorney .
i choose this rating because i know this product and the company behind it s development . i have been using this production trend micro for over ten years and i find it most capable of doing a most effective job of maintaining my systems while on the internet . i recommend this product to all of my family and in fact , i kept their subscriptions active each year when the old one expires .
this is ok but i have upgraded to x7 and now x8 . i cant go back to x6 . but even x6 rivals adobes photo shop , specially when you think about the cost .
i ve been a painshop user for years . transition to this edition was relative painless and i am happy with the program features i use regularly . as i do not normally do special effects , i cannot comment on the more exotic features .
installation instructions were a little lacking , once started the installation went well . could use a link to the manual on the setup disk . loaded both the 32 bit and 64 bit . work screens , mange , adjust , edit are well laid out and easy to read . importing photos took a while to figure out , but once done , it was easy to find photos on the computer and attachments . they load pretty quickly and were easily maneuvered between sections . plenty of tools and the majority are easy to use , quick and useful effects and filters . really enjoyed the end product of the photos and found it an easy software to use . the raw lab comes up automatically with a raw format . image and was a professional and quality tool . the 64 bit performance is very welcome , can tell the quickness and load handling over 32 bit . had to load perfectly clear and face filter 3 separately , but was amazed at how well perfectly clear worked in correcting the image in the one click option . still working with the face filter and am quickly getting the handle on its processes .
i have worked with photoshop for years an enhanced version and i just never seemed to click with it . i remember that years ago , i worked with paint shop pro via corel . back then , it really took up a lot of memory and seemed a bit cumbersome . i recently added to my family and wanted to get a decent software package to record my little ones and our vacation . i was pretty hesitant about going back to psp , but i really am glad that i did . you really don t have to have much experience with photo editing with psp it will walk you through your task and yet let you customize your project so that it doesn t end up looking like a corny photo christmas card from walgreens . the differences from the version i had years ago against todays version x6 is profound to say the least . you can load huge files on your system without any freezing , also , the interface is really simplified without dumbing it down for a newbie user that would limit someone with some experience in photo editing . and by the way , if you are a newbie , this is a great program to start with anyways you ll be a pro in no time , and , average users may consider their career options towards graphics . there are so many incredible features to this version , i would have to write several pages on the features benefits themselves . but , here s a few diamonds faster hdr rendering faster preformance all new and very helpful video tutorials auto fix tools adds any type of effect you can imagine retouches photos to remove red eyes and even wrinkles i look 10 years younger and those above are just a few great enhances that corel has made to the psp 6x version . overall , you get a whole lot of bang for your buck on this program . i have never come across a photo editing software program that comes close to this . oh , btw , each software box comes with free membership for updates , creative content , other offers . if you found my review helpful , please click the yes button below . i don t get paid , but it s nice to know if i m doing well . all the best to you and yours .
like other reviewers , i was a bit disappointed in the quantity and variety of the forms offered a smattering of forms for each of the 10 subject areas buying or selling a business , contracts for goods and services , corporate minutes and consents , forming a business , hiring workers , leasing space , llc minutes and consents , managing finances , buying and selling real estate , and tax forms . frankly , for a program with pro in the title , i expected much more i had never been disappointed with either quicken intuit or nolo products in the past . a savvy scrounger can probably get the same forms offered in this software suite from the internet at no cost . the advantage of this software is that each document takes the user through an interview process and builds the document step by step . but none of the documents offered seemed to be so complicated that using this software was an absolute must . if there is real value in the software , it probably comes in the form of the six nolo books in . pdf or . chm form . they are legal guide for starting running a small business . chm , deduct it ! . pdf , the manager s legal handbook . pdf , how to write a business plan . pdf , contracts . pdf , and the essential guide to federal employment laws . pdf . i get that quicken nolo wanted to keep the program affordable . but i m not so sure a larger selection of forms would truly raise the cost of the product . so while the cost has been kept down , all in all i m not sure this software merits the cost i just don t see the buyer as getting his her money s worth . that s too bad as i i usually am very enthusiastic about quicken intuit nolo products .
in the past i ve used quicken legal business pro 2012 . it helped me to set up my small business myself and my partner . we used the forms in the software to write our contracts and the advice to understand property leases , independent contractors , meeting minutes , and other parts of running a small business . this year i ve expanded to pick up a secretary office assistant . so i picked up this new 2014 version to get up to date contracts and irs tax knowledge . i am very happy with the quality of information . i feel it saved me dozens of hours of internet research . thank you quicken and nolo .
well , i loaded it up and got an error when the software tried to register itself online . not a great way to introduce me to it . i suppose i ll try again later , but this doesn t bode well .
i already had the older version of the family tree maker and generally liked it other than a few minor things so when i was offered this i was very happy i had been slacking in my ancestry work so it really kicked me in the butt to try this out . one of the best things about the software is the 6 months free to ancestry . anyone who has worked with ancestry knows that it s great but also expensive . . . so you really need to focus on researching hard while your membership is active . the program pretty much runs smooth and gets rid of some of the more problematic functions of the previous version . it s streamlined and easy to use and i ve discovered so much more about my family than i knew before . highly recommend !
i ve had previous versions , it is nice to stay up to date , especially when this costs as much as a six month basic membership at ancestry , it just means keeping up to date while keeping the same services . i ve got two accounts , so it was nice to upgrade both of them , though i only got 3 months out of the other version because i didn t get that one in platinum . this version also has some photo editing the other one didn t have , so . . . bonus . if you plan on doing a lot of work over the next six months and want to utilize ancestry . com , this basically becomes free . if you aren t as committed , maybe consider the non platinum edition .
the family tree maker would not work on my windows 7 64 bit computer . i had to send it back . i used the ancestory . com online website instead .
well , not quite as there are some competing websites where you can load up your family tree . but ancestry , to which this software is obviously connected , does have the bulk of entries . i started working on our documentation years ago , and luckily several relatives in previous generations had also been interested and done work . now a brother and two cousins are also working on it . we ve discovered that several minds are far far better than one and encourage each other in creative solutions to the inevitable mysteries . we may pursue paths that seem far out but in traditional think tank fashion , some outlandish suggestion finally leads to the solution . this is the third version of this software i ve used and i m sure i haven t fully stretched its capabilities but find it important that my relatives are also using it and that we can compare and even merge our results . the capability to add photos is helping and i hope will create a record for our descendants . . . . really , that s why we re doing it , for them . basically this still works as the earlier versions did . my main complaint isn t about the software at all , but that ancestry . com has gobbled public record resources with the promise to share and now is charging an outrageous sum for access , especially to world wide records . few of us can do much without access to the distant past , so that is necessary . i mention this here because family tree maker and ancestry . com are most entwined . obviously .
easy to use and follow , help speed up your typing
straightforward simple and thorough program . there are no frills , no games and no music . it guides you through exercises very well , it asks you after each segment if you want to practice more or if you want to go forward . there are quizzes to check your progress that give you your typing speed and accuracy rate . the program looks very old fashioned . the lessons are voiced by a real person , but they dictate your exercises using windows anna voice very metallic robotic voice with some sounds that are hard to understand , real people just do not talk like that . you can highlight and have the anna voice dictate you any text they present in the program , but she reads fast with no regard of how fast accurate you are typing . i almost never use the feature except where i am forced to . another negative thing i experienced when i logged in for the second time . i forgot where to click and clicked on the assessment button instead of on a lesson button . the program proceeded with assessment , i could not exit out of it , and all my yesterday s lessons were erased , i had to start over again . at this point i went to the options menus and enabled taking skill checks and next lessons without having to finish previous ones . i do not understand why they put the assess erase your work button so prominently on the page . there is typing forum feature , where you can either type a text they have , or you type whatever you want to type , and they tell you your speed . it is useful for later time when you are more skilled . you can print reports on when and what you did in the program and your speed accuracy rates . overall , the program works well , gives enough exercise for your fingers , and i see progress in my typing after doing my lessons . i always typed looking on the keyboard , and now learning the right way , and it works great so far .
i ve had kaspersky internet security on my computers for well over 5 years and when it came time to renew i wanted to see what else was out there because i wasn t as happy with the product the last two years and it was increasingly expensive . i spent a couple hours researching the various options and decided on this webroot internet security complete 2016 . before installing from disc i made sure to do a complete uninstall of kaspersky so i would not have issues during install . i installed this on my desktop hp , windows 7 and laptop also hp , windows 7 and had no problems with installation at all . the disc did not auto run on either so i opened up the file folder and started it manually select wrsetupcd . it was a very quick install , took about 7 minutes on each computer and that included the initial scan it does during installation . i did an additional scan just to be sure after install and that took 1 minute and 24 seconds . during set up it asks you to review and accept agreement . it asks for your email address . it gives you the option to receive special offers and newsletter from them or not to . pros reasonably priced very quick install user friendly interface . very easy to navigate and understand what you are seeing . not obtrusive . doesn t slow down my computers or interfere with performance at all quick scans useful utilities system optimizer cleans up files and system analyzer lets you know ways you can improve your computer s performance cons haven t encountered any yet . i have not had to use customer service and have not had a threat to the computer to see how it handles that . i will update the review if that changes . update i ve used customer service and had good response times and they ve been helpful . i have had a few threats and they were dealt with . update i ve been using the product for a couple years now the one complaint i have about it is that when the product is 30 days from expiring it starts to give you warnings and a yellow exclamation point on your toolbar that you can t shut off . it s very distracting and annoying and feels like it s badgering you to buy instead of just reminding you that your protection is about to expire .
webroot has caught many threats to my computers . it works automatically and can also be worked manually . their are also some settings that users may choose from that may cover some special concerns . it is fast as it is configured . but i found one threat that it had missed by going directly to the whole operating system , c drive , and start the app from there . it took a long time to run that way , and it only caught one threat . i plan to use it this way only twice a year . and i will renew my contract soon . update 10 17 15 all of the above is or was true , i m jut angry with them . the cd they sent me would not accept the product code , the on line help is all robotic . i wasted two hours and got nowhere . i m leaving the 4 stars posted , but i m sending the software back and changing my digital security to norton .
first time buying this software . usually use mcafee , but decided to try this as it was less expensive , and had some good reviews .
is taking one heck of a long time to get here , a month is just too long in this day and age .
i have used webroot before but stopped because i figured i could pay less for something that was as good . bad idea , i was sorry for that move , i will stay with webroot from now on .
i been using nortons software for more than 15years on all my laptops and desktops and never suffered debilitating computer virus . the program warns users when specific threats are detected needing a special scan . also , regular updates are automatically transmitted to users .
it does what it s meant to do . i got it for my dad because he wanted it for extra protection . i personally find anti viruses useless . . . it s for people that go onto random websites all the time and download too much porn or just simply doesn t know how to keep their computer clean . it won t stop someone from hacking into your computer if they really wanted to . it just stops the malware and some viruses .
i just tried to log into identity safe , which i have been using for months , and norton no longer accepted my login . i wasted time with customer service and i could not get norton to send me a verification code to send to my mobile phone or email account . now i have to look up all my passwords manually . this is why i just don t trust cloud computing . imagine if this happened to all your other information you have on the cloud ! ! ! ! !
as part of my participation in the amazon vines program , i received this product for review . i had previously been using a free anti virus solution on my windows 7 desktop . i will be installing it on my daughter s windows 8 laptop soon . and was anxious to see how the newest norton performed . i ve seen previous versions that consumed considerable resources and really slowed down a computer . in this instance , i did not see a drop in performance this time around . it has lots of bells and whistles in this version . chrome is my preferred browser and i don t see it listed as supported for vulnerability protection . that concerns me a bit and i will continue to investigate how that factors in . the installation went quickly enough and i did not have any problems with it . it s running on my systems for about three weeks now . i have enough storage space that i am not particularly interested in the online backup space . if you re looking for a catchy marketing phrase , i suppose that protection without sacrificing performance would work . overall , i recommend this purchase .
installed this product with no hassles , i bought this item on sale and it has not dissapointed . it includes several features aside from the basic antivirus program so it gives you more bang for your buck . i like that you can install it in several different machines 5 . all in all a very good product .
the name is confusing . . . this is norton 360 multi device premier edition i ve used norton for a few years now haven t had any problems with it . one thing i try to remember each time i boot up my laptop is to make sure my security program s icon shows in the toolbar . years ago when i was using either mcafee or norton i don t recall which one anymore , i noticed that the icon was missing in the toolbar . i investigated figured out that my pc was hit by some kind of virus or trojan or malware . . . i have no idea which one , but that virus turned off my anti virus scan schedule . nothing was harmed , only me having to find the virus file that needed to be deleted . from that day forward , i m always careful to make sure my security program is working . once norton 360 is installed , you have many configuration options . click on norton s icon to open the program . you ll find all the program s features settings which will give you options to set the program up to your preferences . amazon s product description is very thorough . so check it out to learn everything norton 360 multi device premier edition can do for you . i should ve known better , but i spent way too much time trying to install this edition of norton on my kindle fire hd only to learn that the fire isn t supported by this program . so i went to amazon s app store found norton mobile security it s free . i decided to read some reviews before i installed it on my fire . . . that s when i decided i wasn t going to install it . the reviewer installed it on his fire , subsequently was blocked from purchasing books . he had to do a factory default reset to remove norton mobile from his fire . i ve had to do 2 factory default resets didn t enjoy either one . so i won t be installing norton on my fire . i haven t experienced any problems with this program will update my review if my opinion changes .
we always choose norton 360 with no issues and purchased this set for our grand son
i have had norton products in the past and was very happy with them . i like them even better now because they do not pester you all year long trying to sell you something new .
i have had good luck with norton 360 for over three years now . the price was right for 3 licenses using this program , so amazon didn t let me down . they have the good products that i use with lower prices and speedier delivery . thanks , amazon . com !
automatic backup feature is great . typical great norton virus protection and scanning . had problem installing software that took three days to resolve , but once resolved , no problems since . highly recommend .
haven t installed it yet . . . . still good for 3 more months . . . . i ve used norton now for 15 years . . . . no complaints . . .
i have been using norton for a long time , ever since the norton utilities and this is something that really irks me , as it would you . i had 41 days left on my subscription , when i clicked on the link in the control screen to renew now it took me to their web site where it clearly states that a 2 year subscription for the product was 59 . 99 . i clicked on the renew now button and went through all their steps , never being aware that i was being switched to their premier eddition for 2 more devices and only one year . when it finished i checked the number of days left on the license and it showed only 366 . not only did it upgrade me without me wanting it , but it ate my 41 days . contacted customer support , which tried to appease me by adding the 41 days , which never happened . i requested to be escalated to a supervisor , and i am still waiting for a call back . they requested 48 hours to resolve the issue ! unheard of ! if i treated my customer this way i would not have any customers . stay tuned for the supervisor response . my advice is to get something else , or instead of renewing the subscription buy a new version from amazon and install it after your old license expires . update support didn t call back within the promissed time frame , instead they called sunday morning and sent an email , nice trick , they know most people are not available at that time . what they asked for was the link to the renewal site , i told them the same thing as before , the product has been updated , the link is not the same ! as much as i hate to say it , i will be looking for a new product next year , but not mcafee , they have the same issues with support , and it does not work well on a multi processor machine , it sets you up more than once for the same device !
there s not a whole lot more to say about this norton product . i ve been using norton for year . even back in the day when you could buy one license software version and without having to pay for a new version each year , you could just download updates . long gone are those days . the stickler part of this is that we need protection for our electronic devices . i will say , that last year i paid 80 for this software from the norton website , but i purchased this download from amazon for only half that price . keep that in mind when it comes to renewing your virus software .
had used symantec system works ? ? , which included norton anti virus , for years . then in the past couple or so years it seems to have morphed into norton 360 . have always purchased the cd previously . . . until this year . this time i purchased the download version , i . e . no cd . maybe just me , but don t recall having an issue in the past couple of years , but this time . . . installed 3 or 4 times and , afterwards , e v e r y time it would indicate that there were 2 days remaining should have been 360 days ! ! . contacted symantec via online chat , rep was very helpful , fixed in mere moments maybe 1 minute . i was directed to open norton from the desktop , click on a tab sorry , don t remember which , tell norton to update , and ta da !
i have been using norton 360 for years , renewing as required after some bad experiences with mcafee . my prior norton 360 license was about to expire when i was offered the 2014 version , which i did not hesitate to order . the first difference i noted is that , contrary to prior installs , this time i had to uninstall the old license to be able to install the new one rather than simply updating the required files , the whole uninstall install process took less than ten minutes . another thing i noticed was different is that the security id application is not installed as a part of the whole application , a link will take you to the norton website where you can download and install . this is one of the features i use the most so for a moment there i was worried i would have to purchase separately . my experience with norton 360 has always been great and this time it was not different , so far , there are no performance issues in my laptop that could be associated to the antivirus running in the background which does happen with mcafee and the interface is really easy to use and get used to if you are a new user . i have yet to decide whether or not to install in my iphone , this is of course an upgrade , as the prior version was compatible with android only . 1 user that includes 3 licenses is pretty neat for the protection you get as a part of the package you are also offered backup storage for up to 2gb , this may not be too much but i am certain it will be useful to more than one person . in days in which external drives are the norm , 2gb may not seem as much , but if used to backup essential data that you may need if on the run , well , it may be worth it . my external drives i only use at home and at the office so it is great to have the protection on to ensure any potential threats are identified . the thing i use the most is the online protection , in the past , norton 360 has helped me avoid malicious attacks and potential unsafe websites , also the functionality to save all your passwords under a single norton account is amazing . i am getting what is offered and to me , that is all that matters ultimate piece of mind
i switched to norton after a decade with trend micro , and i m not really happy with the switch . it is , of course , difficult to tell how well any security program is working without intentionally visiting infected sites , which i m not about to do . so i m operating on the assumption that norton is detecting viruses and spyware as well as trend , though i have no way of being sure . my problem with norton is that it makes everything else run very slowly . outlook , in particular , takes forever to open and programs frequently hang . i have an older pc desktop running windows 7 , but it handles most software without noticeable delay or at least , it used to . norton also lets a surprising number of pop ups get through , which trend never did . i never realized how many of these trend actually caught , until it was gone . all in all , unless someone running tests on norton verifies that it does a much better job than other programs at catching the nasties , i can t recommend it .
norton is the best when it comes to internet security . this particular product gives you 3 licenses , which you know you re eventually going to want another license if you buy computers often , so i definitely recommend going ahead and getting the 3 pack like this . norton has prevented several viruses from infecting my computer . when i ve tried competitors they ve let things through . i also love the norton 360 for the password management system , which keeps track of all your passwords even across computers . it really is a game changing product . i would not own a computer without norton installed on it .
had norton for years internet security for 1 2 of that time . never had an issue with virus malware , etc . it does the dirty work of keeping your system clean for you . wouldn t be caught without it .
i have been using norton for my internet security for quite some time . it was coming up on my renewal time so , i clicked on the renewal pop up when it came up but the price from norton seemed much higher than i remembered . so , i went to amazon i got the same software at a much lower price . same good protection lower price .
i have been buying norton products from amazon for 3 years now . i won t buy any where else because the price blows everyone out the water . download is ready soon as you buy it and never will be lost because its in your amazon download center . keep up the great work and prices low . thank you
this product is easy to install and works great . symantec has been around for a long time , protecting pcs from viruses and such . sometimes amazon offers it under 20 . you just have to check daily . this internet security suite offers great protection at an affordable price .
it is what it is , does what it should , but remember that system builder software can only be put on 1 machine and can t be transferred . i you want it on another computer even in the same house you have to buy another copy .
how does a company spend billions in research and come up with a desktop interface metro ui this bad ? and then they have the unmitigated gaul to price it very high when others like linux mint and mac osx mavericks are giving their os away for free . the latest ms operating system throws away almost everything you have learned over the last 20 years about controlling a desktop . you ll need to be completely retrained to use big , fat , ugly 2 d tiles and be constantly kept away from using a normal desktop file folder system for organizing your stuff . heckavajob , microsoft . . . what s next ? a mandatory big toe controlled desktop interface ?
this part of the review written in early dec 2013 so far so good . i just downloaded premier this past weekend , installed on my win7x64 machine with no problems . i imported last year s data , and then ran through an estimated calculation for fed state , saw only one problem see below . my situation is a bit unusual no w2 , but sch c , sch k , college costs , and investment income . not much change from last year in the program s look and feel and flow , but obviously quite a few changes in tax law . i ve been using tt for many years now have also used competitors in the past , but i was mildly surprised by how quickly i was able to do everything . the one flaw when entering college costs in the interview , the field for room and board didn t show up in the other school related expenses . i went directly to the form which needed some finding , it s called student info worksheet , entered the value directly , and after that the field popped up on the interview . overall , i m happy with the product , but of course i ll be even happier when i m finally done using it in april ! update jan 31 , 2014 so far i ve downloaded several updates , and the program has continued to work without any hitches . i ve been able to download 1099 data successfully from my financial firm , and the process of correcting the basis for uncovered transactions was simple but you have to understand the basics here , of course . on the downside , i m finding that the guidance for business income expenses is very poort , especially when you go to the state sch c . based on the descriptions , i m not convinced that home business will be better in this area , but i m going to take a look at that .
package arrived quickly and was perfectly packaged to arrive in excellent condition . i got this upgrade with my quicken premier and was able to take advantage of some additional savings . i have been a turbo tax user for many years and the package is great and easy to use .
2013 version i have used both turbotax and taxcut through the years . neither is substantially better than the other because ultimately they get you to the same place . i prefer the feel of taxcut , but have no issues navigating turbotax either . but getting deluxe with the state is the way to go if your state requires a return .
i have been using turbo tax for years . it is so simple and easy to use , my kid can do it . easy to follow forms with step by step instruction . plus helpful side notes .
our government is pretty intimidating and especially with the personal income tax system . rather than hours of trying to figure out government instructions with their tax forms , i use turbotax , and their e filing for both fed and state , and their audit insurance program . i once worked my way through an irs audit just after i liquidated a small business at a great loss . the irs agent came to my home and offered her my pc which had quicken and quickbooks and she worked on it for a few days . then i moved to california and continued with the irs through ten rounds of mail and response . the irs found my books clear and well supported , but the time spent was considerable , and the tummy acid on my side even more so . so i pay for turbotax plus add ons . what we really need is a serious tax reform where filing is on one sheet of paper .
needs a lot of work to catch up to today s technology . blocks a lot of what you d like to work on , edit , or import . reads errors where errors don t exist . because of that i didn t fully trust it this year while doing my taxes . have used turbo tax for 12 years now . if they don t get it together by next year , i ll probably move over to h r or whatever else is out there .
great product i have been using it for years , started when it was parson s tax edge an watched it migrate and improve to the product it is today . on the down side i feel it is quite expensive .
i ve used tt since it was sold by the developers working from a nearby garage . easy to use and enough source identification that issues can be resolved . the import prior year data feature makes tax prep much easier .
though my refund shrunk quite a bit this year , it had nothing to do with the workings of this software . i have been using turbotax for about a dozen years , now , and i still love how simple it makes things . since i began using this software to do our family s taxes , the whole process has no longer been a chore . i would highly recommend it to anyone who is wary of public tax accountants and wants a more hands on experience .
i use it every year , and will continue to do so . just make sure you purchase the level of tax help you require basic , deluxe , premier , etc .
great tax program . still at times , not intuitive as i d like it to be . i ve used this twice now , in 2011 and 2013 . made doing my business returns quite easy . also tried to use the community for support and received no response . i think this year , i m going to try and do it manually on my own as the 1065s , k 1s , etc are not that difficult for my 3 member entity . if they included the state program , i d probably still purchase it but you have to purchase the states separately and my business operates in 3 states . this just reminded me that i have to do a business return for a new state that we did business in 2014 so i may end up purchasing this anyway .
been using turbo tax for 5 years . seems liek this one isn t quite as user friendly as past years . when i answer that i don t want to provide information on usage of the software i shouldn t have to tell it thtat every time start it .
i have been a turbotax user for more than a dozen years and found this to be more than adequate for my use . my wife and i are retired with normal income , ira wihdrawals , rental income and depreciation . once the software updates were complete a factor of waiting for congress to detail the changes in laws which they passed for the preceding year , the sotware operated well and accurately . this year , turbotax intuit divided the former deluxe software into two parts the one reviewed here plus an upgraded version to better handle depreciation and other rental expenses . all of the forms are contained in this edition and can be completed by a knowledgable user . it is my understanding that the upgrade more has step by step instructions to lead one thru these operations , but i chose to do this function manually . taxes filed and accepted by both federal ca awaiting refund .
i have been using turbotax for years and i always find it extremely easy to use and very accurate . when i have had questions i have gotten prompt replies using their forum from tax preparation professionals . you get what you pay for when it comes to tax preparation software and even though this is a bit pricey it is the best out there in my view . this product is what i call idiot proof it asks you very direct simple questions in preparing your tax returns so you don t have to be knowledgeable about tax codes . i would highly recommend this product . by the way , i have never been audited using this software for over 10 years . only downside wasn t a product issue but a shipping issue . my product arrived three days after expected delivery date . it turned out amazon didn t ship it in a timely manner . amazon offered me a promotional credit of 10 dollars which i could use on another purchase . also , it seems fedex smartpost delayed it even more . most likely due to weather issues . i feel amazon made a reasonable solution to the shipping issue .
i find paying for this software each year to be entirely worth the money . i don t find working with taxes easy , and this makes the best out of a bad job . being a brit living in the states , i do find that the way it deals with assets in another country can be a bit clunky and not intuitive , but the support online usually gets me through it . i find this is an good tool to help me get through a necessary evil . nobody is ever going to say yay , time to do my taxes , i get to buy turbotax , but this is worth it .
ttax2013 is solid and fast as were the prior tax year versions . thankfully you can usually pick it up at a discounted price 50 vs 60 at amazon earlier than from other sellers intuit is usually the last one to offer a price break , i have only bought ttax on cd over the years not digital download so that i have the disc just in case i might need to re install at some future like if the taxman were to come a knockin , god forbid . point being i can t comment on the download approach . my only gripe with intuit not this package , per se is the 40 gouge price for an additional state . at thathigh price , it s got to be a super high margin item for intuit s bottom line . off topic slightly , i do wish that intuit would make ttax available for linux operating systems likely won t happen though , given that ttax quicken both rely on microsoft windows . net framework make a turbotax style program for preparing and filing federal estate , gift , and trust returns . maybe they will . should considering the aging baby boomer demographics .
do not buy this product ! you can go to the turbotax site and look up 1603 errors to see what kind of problems people like me ar having ! this will not install , and a refund request has been totally ignored , as have help requests . they ask you to sign up to be contacted if a fix is found , but have heard nothing to date . many suggestions have been made , but none work .
i had this on a vista system . moved it to my windows 7 system and lost many features including cd ripping . no support . avoid roxio products . i use freeware now to rip and burn stuff . roxio is crud .
i have always had a soft spot for roxio products and have used them for about 15 years now . they continue to be easy to use and very effective . this suite offers a lot of basic media editing features that many beginners will find useful . it does not offer as much as i would have liked in the media playback area but i suppose this is a fairly basic program so i can t expect it to do everything . bottom line , this is a very easy to use and fun program for basic media file editing .
i ve been using various roxio attempts at software for at least 10 years . they are pretty much accepted as second rate and mainly for beginners , and for the beginners who think they are not beginners . the appeal to the creator series is that if you don t use premium software for photos , videos , audio etc . you have all the basics in one box . for the most part , the function is quite easy to learn and most anyone that knows how to turn on a computer will be able to use it . the problem with roxio is that it is and always has been an inferior program to install . your system has to be very up to date because the software will not be . right off the bat , you will need to update or add patches to the software as they always have problems right out of the gate . however , if you are buying it a couple months after release , that is a good thing . most of their problems will be resolved . but as usual , when they finally fix everything , they will have another new version to upgrade to . it seems like a lot of negative , but it is easy to use . if you are looking for something to create dvds , create music files , and copying and editing of all types of media , including photos . expect the worse and you will be pleasantly surprised . if the price is about 50 off the list price , it s worth it . even if you just use one option of the suite . just check for updates before using , and periodically check for updates as time goes on .
buy it and immediately an advertisement come up to buy the pro version . it does not really work that well at all . if possible try to find another program that can do more for the same price . i will .
this rating of 3 stars reflects ease of use , features , compatibility against price . there are many free products out there but nero has always been my go to to edit and burn video files when i want a good quality burn . i had not used recent versions , so was pleasantly surprised to find out that it now has several features to share and even import online videos . this program was easy to install , although it does take up quite a bit of space and needs some good processing power when burning movies so it s no good on the basic laptops . i was careful given other reviews to not install any bloatware on my machine like avg antivirus . it installed easily , and i was able to view and burn movies and music files onto discs . the online sharing features are great as i hardly burn any dvds cds anymore , it s all digital . it can upload the files to a cloud , a mobile device or to a shared network . absolutely needed . the new edition has almost too many features and if you re a newbie it s good to take the time to get to know it well as it can be pretty confusing . especially as they ve updated the interface to integrate better with windows 8 it took me a while to figure out as i was used to the older interface . it supports ios and android and also has a play to tv feature that i haven t used . nero is still great as far as burning movies is concerned . this edition support multiple formats to ultrahd . it does take time but is relatively error free , just use a laptop with a powerful processor .
after purchasing an internal blu ray burner , i needed some software to run it . when this popped up on vine , i considered it an excellent chance to try things out . i would not consider this to be a product on the level of adobe premiere . granted , that should be something of a no brainer , but it helps to have proper expectations . as reasonably robust video editing software at a fair price , nero 2014 works well . the blu ray viewer works wonderfully , saving the need to purchase other stand alone software . the burning process has , in my experience , worked flawlessly . i don t have any coasters , but i can t say i ve burned more than a handful . the video editing software is lacking , but when i compare it to apple offerings such as imovie , i find it s up to the task of creating basic home movies . the suite is fairly robust , covering all the basic needs of this decidedly amateur video editor . i have no doubt someone with most extensive experience in this field would find nero 2104 to be a limitation , but for the average joe looking to spend something less than a fortune , nero continues to deliver . nb i would not purchase this software at full retail , but the current price of 50 seems to be exactly right . edit i recently had to reinstall windows , so i had to go through the nero install process a second time . this time i was reminded that nero attempts to install adware twice on your computer . while some might consider this beneficial , i am entirely opposed to such efforts when the software was paid for rather than free . an unobservant user would be stuck with both the avg toolbar and nero s own ad software . i consider this to be completely inappropriate in software at this price and have knocked off a star for it .
i am 80 of the way through my tax return and so far , no issues to report . what does make me angry though is the way intuit gouges the users for the total use cost to complete a federal and state return with efile ! a lot of people complained last year about local tax preparers we all know who they are and the fees they charged of their services . truth be told , it is almost worth it to have your taxes done by those folks when you consider the time it takes to do it yourself . congrats intui ! you ruined quicken for the mac now your getting greedy with the customers that made you successful during tax season !
i use turbotax every year . i think the refund bonus offer is totally useless . but the basic turbotax which is what this is seems to work well and do the computations correctly . can t ask for much more . it is a bit more clunky every year to use but i can put up with that .
bought for my 2013 return . i like how easy turbo tax is .
been using turbotax for some time now . it can be a little confusing at first , but if you stick with it , it will gather all your information and put it where it s supposed to be . it helps to have last year s tax return to make sure you have everything the first time you use the program . then , the following years turbotax will keep your previous year s return data and you just update the items that have changed . you can ask questions , but i have not had success with the turbotax customer support , probably better off asking the community . good record keeping and having all your information updated and handy is a plus . good luck !
note pc download is the same as the cd software , not sure why the reviews are separated . i downloaded my software , but entered my review in the cd product first , not realizing they were separated . this part of the review written in early dec 2013 so far so good . i just downloaded premier this past weekend , installed on my win7x64 machine with no problems . i imported last year s data , and then ran through an estimated calculation for fed state , saw only one problem see below . my situation is a bit unusual no w2 , but sch c , sch k , college costs , and investment income . not much change from last year in the program s look and feel and flow , but obviously quite a few changes in tax law . i ve been using tt for many years now have also used competitors in the past , but i was mildly surprised by how quickly i was able to do everything . the one flaw when entering college costs in the interview , the field for room and board didn t show up in the other school related expenses . i went directly to the form which needed some finding , it s called student info worksheet , entered the value directly , and after that the field popped up on the interview . overall , i m happy with the product , but of course i ll be even happier when i m finally done using it in april ! update jan 31 , 2014 so far i ve downloaded several updates , and the program has continued to work without any hitches . i ve been able to download 1099 data successfully from my financial firm , and the process of correcting the basis for uncovered transactions was simple but you have to understand the basics here , of course . on the downside , i m finding that the guidance for business income expenses is very poort , especially when you go to the state sch c . based on the descriptions , i m not convinced that home business will be better in this area , but i m going to take a look at that .
. . . it does do the job and it does the job pretty well . i am not a person who understands finances and taxation very well and i have a reasonably complex tax situation with stock and a foreign bank account . i m consistently surprised by how easily turbotax walks me through everything and gives me links to more explanation when i need it . for the price , i think it s absolutely worth it , and indeed critical for me to do my taxes . i can t give this 5 stars as it s more a necessary evil , than a desired purchase , but it s something i will continue to use .
update 1 24 2014 following tt advice i ve scrubbed my system uninstalling unused programs and stopped a background application racagent . exe . the responsiveness of the program , while still not a speedster , is at least usable . adding back 2 stars . update 1 21 2014 taking away another star . the program has gotten even slower on my machine in the last month . . now taking 10 secs to move from screen to screen even if not recalculating . i recognize it could be limited to me as i don t see many similar complaints but i have no issues with any other software . say it ain t so turbotax . . you took what was a perfect software product and improved it to the point that it is taking 10 seconds or so to recalculate displaying a black screen before the program will move on . i m running windows vista . it s early so i ll hope for a fix in later updates and will revise my rating when and if the problem goes away . i just hope you didn t recruit quicken coders to work on this product
i have used h r block or tax cut for over 10 years . i got the disk this time and it has installed and updated with no issues . i am using a win 7 machine . i have not finished a return yet i m still waiting for many irs forms , including my w 2 , but so far the product looks and feels like the 2012 program , which worked fine .
one hour hold time to speak with tech support , unacceptable , and the software seems buggy
love it , thank you !
doubled ordered . i am so lame .
soi far , so good . have not had a virus since webroot was installed and i had some from nortons , as well as mcafee . in fact a person claiming he was an employee from mcafee stole 5 , 100 . 00 pay pal claims from my p ay pal account . that s when i removed the others and instaledl webroot . so far , so good . recommended .
webroot seems to work fine on my mac computer . i have decided to use windows defender on my dell pc with win 10 . i m glad that windows is finally giving its customers some help with the awful problem of spyware and malware . webroot seems to respond reliably to e mail questions and they have an good threat blog . get a mac !
highly effective av
good product , good price , although sometimes a pain to download . if that happens , call webroot support , they helped me in 10 minutes , when amazon customer support couldn t help in 2 hours . they really tried , i will say .
i have tried for a week to get this key code started . i used webroot last year and found it fine for what i needed . i tried to extend my webroot android protection and have had nothing but failure . the website will not let me update my old key code because it says that my old key code in invalid yeah i know that but , then it will not let me change the key code because the email address that i use is associated with the old key code . anyway , this has been a do loop created by webroot that sends me to urls not found , logs me out of the verification page before i can put in the security code , and the help function also sent me off into ether land an email that would get back to me two days ago . i have bought another package and i have learned a lesson about webroot . what a waste of time and money .
i my self have used webroot for more than a few years on windows xp , vista , 7 , 8 . 1 , 10 to present windows 10 new update to version1607 . . . webroot works great for me ! ! ! no trouble at all . . . i used norton and don t like norton ad not a fan of norton used more than a few times the free version of norton is great ! ! ! but the one you pay for yuck ! ! ! it uses to much space on your hard drive and at times lock you off being able get online and ties the computer up . . .
one hour hold time to speak with tech support , unacceptable , and the software seems buggy
worked fine ! i simply downloaded the file and installed it . i put in the cd key and that was it ! i bought the 5 pc edition so i could install it on my wife s laptop , and the three teens at home . i really like webroot because it does not use a lot of hard drive space , and runs smoothly in the background and you don t even notice it . i have it installed on both windows 8 . 1 and windows 10 no problems !
where do i begin with their lies and deception ? 1 small size on hd ! not true . all of the data hides in programdata wrdata and can baloon up to 50 , even 100gigs on your hard drive . even quickly filling your ssd s . . webroot takes up the most hd space of any av . 2 small footprint ! not true . webroot rides on the system process in windows . often ballooning the system process to 500 over normal . this bogs everything down and is a deception by webroot who claims it s an old bug claiming this for 5 years 3 advanced technology ! not true . it s a simple karma reputation and whitelist blacklist app . it tosses your unknown stuff in a sandbox monitoring it . this requires constant tickets to support for whitelisting with every new version of every software . webroot is a product no serious security it person would ever deploy . it s a joke ! edit webroot just destroyed about 30 , 000 , 000 computers worldwide today with a flawed update .
i bought this software to do my taxes when it was still on cd . then they came out with this online download version . i went for that too . h r block is really , really easy to use . i swear , i think a 10 year old could fill in the information properly because it s almost impossible to make a mistake with the way h r block lays out the questions they ask , which decide what you need to do or provide as information . and , i love that then , in successive years , they give a comparison sheet that print out with your taxes , showing the differences in certain categories for the last few years vs . the current year . and , of course , once it s filed i e file it , you can still pull it up any time you need it again to print out or to get information for whatever purpose . in fact , i think the irs has recommended it on their website from time to time , although the irs does not actually endorse any specific tax prep . people or software . that would not be ethical , i guess .
this is a very good product at a price much lower than the other big tax preparation software company . i don t have a complicated return but i am sure that this product will stand should to shoulder to the more expensive brand .
this is my 3rd . time using h r block s deluxe state . i waited until amazon ran a special price and purchased . as always with amazon , the download was quick and easy taking only a few minutes over a 5 mbps dsl connection . info from my prior return was loaded without problem . entry of the current year s info was simple and provided answers to any changes in tax law that might apply to my return . no issues in return preparation or submission . program audits alerted to me to any possible problems that i might need to address . returns were transmitted easily to the irs and state . h r block kept me informed as to the status of the return . although i filed later than usual , my state refund was received in less than 2 weeks . my irs return required a payment . a nice option with the software allowed me to submit my return and then schedule payment to the irs later . compared to turbo tax , there are no substantial differences for me in the preparation and submission of my returns . both make it very easy . the better value is definitely h r block as it was about 1 2 the price of turbo tax . the best place to buy is amazon ! ! ! ! .
have been using h r block tax software for many years . . so it makes it very easy transferring data from last year s forms . . it talks you through the process via questions in various categories . . and quite easy to use . . . plus backed by the h r block brand .
while i usually review cds and dvds as well as entertainment related books here on amazon , in my major occupation , i am a cpa with over 40 years of work in the nonprofit and tax field so i feel qualified to provide an accurate review of this tax software . h r block continues to change the name of their software for years it was called taxcut , and i still refer to it by that name but ive probably been using it for the last 15 years . its simple and easy and it is about 20 less than the comparable version of turbo tax the other major tax software . i do have a few issues with it though . one is that about 3 years ago they eliminated one of the most useful reports . it was called two year summary in which you could see line by line comparisons between the current and prior year . this was a good way to see why the tax went up or down and would help find any items you may have missed . i don t know why this was eliminated but i really miss it . the other issue with the h r block software is that the deluxe fed and stare pkg comes with only one state return included . if you worked in a different state or moved during the year you need to buy and download the additional states . they used to be pricey ay 29 . 95 for each state but this year it is 39 . 95 plus tax for the simple download ! the fed and state software itself is actually less than these extra states ! and not all the forms are there for some states there are no amended forms though the forms do exist on state websites for no charge . ill probably continue to use the software though i sure wish they added more usable reports . i hope you found this review both informative and helpful . steve ramm steven i . ramm cpa
there are other programs out there with superior capability to this product . my recommendation it s not worth the money , go with adobe .
pinnacle studio 17 continues the product s evolution by adding interfaces for more modern sources for footage and online device outputs . this makes it very flexible in that you can capture footage from just about any device that might be used in your home phones , camcorders , gopros , etc . then you can watch your results on an equally impressive array of devices aimed at fitting everyone s needs if the kids want to watch on their xbox , no problem if you want to share with grandma via facebook , fine if your team posts their highlight clips to youtube or vimeo , you can do that . this flexibility is a threshold requirement these days and pinnacle studio is definitely up to speed . the editing process is simple but powerful . i ve used several different home editing suites and always come back to pinnacle due to the simplicity of the on screen interface and controls . i m able to make great looking videos that get lots of wow how did you do that ? comments without having to fumble around indefinitely figuring out how to do this transition or drop in that graphic . that , coupled with its affordability make it a great choice for anyone looking to quickly make family movies , team highlight reels , etc . i did have some hiccups during installation windows 8 , but pinnacle s customer service was able to help me get past it . a note on that this product only comes with 14 days of that support before they begin charging for it , so really it only covers the installation period . basically , the install needed to run my directx back from v . 11 to v . 9 . after implementing customer service s fix , the install completed with no issue . also , i have run into a couple instances where pinnacle studio just crashes during rendering even though my machine meets the program s minimum requirements . overall , pinnacle studio is powerful , flexible and easy to use . it s my choice for making all sorts of videos for home , work and fun .
this is nice software if you just want to do some basic editing of family videos , without getting too complex or having to spend hours trying out how to make it work . there are a lot less bells whistles in comparison to the ultimate version , but if you aren t intending to use those features , why pay for them ?
i have not used winzip for at least 10 years . i usually just use free tools like 7 zip and izarc . it still pretty much does the same thing is always has , and that is compress and decompress files . winzip now integrates with online storage services like dropbox , google drive , and onedrive . i guess that may come in handy for some one that does not already have the clients loaded on their local systems . i have a bunch of stuff on microsoft onedrive so i put this to the test and had it zip up some of my older folders . i don t know if this was their first release that integrates with these cloud services , but i am assuming it was . it is a slow synchronous process that blocks you from doing a second task with the tool , unless you want to open up a completely different instance . the winzip developers better learn how to do these jobs asynchronously and in the background so the ui can continued to be used . over all i found no real need to replace my current tools with it , but if you are looking for a tool , this may be the one for you . they have been around for a very long time and i guess they will continue improving the responsiveness of the ui .
winzip has been around for ages . throughout the years the program has gained several features which have made it more of a swiss army knife for power users . although there are several freeware programs that provide similar functionality , none provide the all inclusive features that win zip does .
winzip 18 software is excellent for archiving and compressing files . it s still the best around for compressing large files and the best one to use for zip files . if i was simply needed something to open already zipped files however , i still prefer open source software like 7 zip for opening already archived files , which i personally find easier to use .
i ve wanted winzip software for a couple of decades and now i finally have it . this software has a wide range of applications built into a single user interface not just file compression anymore . i admit that i don t have a pressing need to use zipped files except on rare occasions to attach photos and other documents to emails . jpeg files are highly compressed already . the typical reduction for me is about 20 overall . i compressed several text documents and the compression ranged from as much as 90 down to about 24 depending upon the file i chose . compression is very fast only a few seconds typically . but i have a very fast cpu running at 4 . 6 ghz . conversion to pdf files takes a little longer , but still very fast . it seemed to take longer than it actually did still measured in seconds of maybe 10 to 15 seconds depending on the file size and content . i ve somehow managed to get by without compression software for thirty years . hard disks have very high capacity and are relatively cheap these days . but now that ssds are becoming ubiquitous in laptop computers , the need to compress files has returned along with the need for encryption of very sensitive data that most people have loaded on their laptop computers , especially worrisome when traveling . and this software application package includes encryption . the price is somewhat high for pure compression software , but since they bundled numerous extra applications , the value is fairly good . the included conversion to pdf documents is very useful . cloud storage can be particularly sensitive . i for one have avoided cloud storage very cautious what people might be able to obtain through hacking . i would definitely want to encrypt most everything i put on public cloud storage .
i installed it without a hitch to our newly bought refurb imac intel i5 . now i was able to install autodesk mep 2011 drafting software it runs zippy ! with 12g of ram note system builder marries permanently the os to the hardware . you can not transfer it to another pc if the pc dies . procedure start boot assistant . fastest way to find it is to use spotlight the magnifying glass on top right and type boot assistant . you will be asked how much you want to divide the memory between windows 7 and lion . i wanted 100g for windows and about 400g for mac os . you will need a usb memory stick or a blank cd or dvd so that the imac will load the latest additional drivers for your windows . insert the windows disk and install . done . now you have windows without wifi and a mismatched display resolution . the next step will fix all of these . place the usb drive or the cd dvd . find the setup file and run it . done .
the thing is , genealogy sites and programs work best if you have a stereotypically linear family tree . for example , two of my grandfather s siblings married siblings from another family . so far , i haven t found a way to show that correctly . so far the program is was easy to use and it walks you through the set up very well . i m going to come back and add more to this review as i get better with it , so please check back . so far , i d recommend it .
i ve been using family tree maker for a number of years , mostly on windows . so this is my first mac version , but i ve been around the software before and use it extensively with ancestry . com sync features . at first glance , ftm for the mac 3 deluxe seems to be fairly feature complete , on par with the windows version . of course , it s also a bit sluggish , which i ve come to expect from the ftm products . now , while i have used ftm for a number of years , by no means am i a genealogical expert . it s all personal use and it often comes in spurts . i use the software to update a family tree on occasion and likely don t come back to it for several months to a year . like other ftm products , it comes with a three month subscription to ancestry . com . syncing with the online tree is great and has been much improved over the years . it does an excellent job of tracking changes and keeping your tree s in sync . the interface is nice with a ui that is easy to navigate . there are plenty of printing and viewing options . there are times that grabbing online content and waiting for things to process is sluggish . again , i ve grown accustomed to this over the years with ftm . each version seems to get a little better , but there s often a few quarks to get used to . overall , a nice family tree product with syncing and plenty of features to keep you busy on your various genealogical projects .
it s ok for a free download of anti virus .
i don t know if they have changed this software recently , and the great reviews people are giving are based off an earlier version that was much better , or if the reviews are fake . but i do know for sure , this free 2015 software is crap ! ! if there was a zero star i would give it that ! so , i wasn t expecting much given the fact that it is free , but it was much worse than even my really low expectations . if you download this , nearly every feature it has is not usable unless you buy an upgraded version . even the basic firewall wasn t working unless i paid ! ! really ? a basic firewall you couldn t even give me that ? also it has an option to scan your router to make sure its secure , and it popped up with this message saying my router has been compromised hacked and its a huge security threat . i was skeptical given the fact that immediately below this message is another one saying i can solve this problem and keep myself safe by buying such and such on their paid version , blah blah . how convenient right ? but i was still freaked out , called my computer geek buddy to double check this , to see if my router had really been hacked . after thoroughly checking it out he said everything was fine and they were just trying to to scare me into buying their paid services . so i uninstalled this scam from my computer and have gone with paid software from another company .
i have used this product for 5 months and i m quite happy with it because it never uses 2 3 cpu unless it s you re using it to actively scan your drives . it s intercepted a few internet nasties in the time i ve had it and kept the health of my system in tiptop shape . unlike others , mine has no popup ads that try to get you to buy the full pay version probably because mine s an older version of the program .
this free internet security program is only part of an internet security program . a vital part , but still only a part . it works very nicely . i have installed it on two computers . on one , as expected , there was no threats found . i did expect some threats on the other , and avast ! free antivirus 2014 did find them and did neutralize them . but here is the thing that bothers me downloading the rest of the program is presently going for just under 20 . 00 for each computer download . if you have more than one computer , each one will cost twenty bucks ! i have not purchased it , but i do expect the pay for downloads will be as good as the free download . some of those who have paid for this have stated satisfaction . i have nothing to say about program update maintenance , but they have done well so far . update 11 02 2014 i have taken this half way security program off my computers . the reason is that paying for the parts that are not free for 3 separate computers is too expensive in my estimation . but who wants only half o a security app ? and i just don t like tricky deals . i installed webroot secure anywhere in its place . this is information , not a recommendation . my use of amazon s review system is to convey information not to be judgmental . information and numbers of stars is meant only to represent my level of enthusiasm about this deal .
right now avast is better than norton . i brought norton and it never found anything on my computer . however , i knew i had a virus , i looked for another antivirus . i was surprise to found a free one here on amazon . i uploaded and right away it found the virus . give it a try , it s free and it s better than norton .
we do have a touch screen computer an hp envy , so i liked that the software was optimized to use with touch . i ve been using pinnacle s video editing software for the last few years . i think that the software is pretty user friendly . i m not especially technical , but i was able to get the software figured out fairly easily . i thought the additional music sound editing software was a helpful addition . it was easy to import video files i have a few different sony cameras and compatibility was not an issue at all . i also liked that it was easy to share the completed videos on social media .
sony hits a home run with this software . for around 100 i get a video editing program , dvd authoring program , audio recording program and audio creation program . 4 programs worth over 300 for 100 . no other software company does this type of package yet . . . and definitely not at this price . after 4 weeks of playing with these programs i use sony s higher end professional software for my business i can easily give it 5 stars and a recommendation . the only other comparable video software is corel videostudio x7 ultimate 60 100 . i can t recommend any audio software to match . the bottom line is sony gives you everything you need in this 4 software package to edit your videos and author them on dvd or blu ray discs , and to edit your audio files or create brand new ones . the add on loops , sound and video effects , make this a complete package with nothing left out and nothing left to purchase . you just can t top this . and sony software in my professional opinion excels in this field . i record and edit movies as part of my business and sony vegas pro has been my preferred software since 2012 , when i switched from adobe premiere pro . i preferred sony s interface much easier to use and to apply effects from the library and the significantly lower rate of software crashes . i may have experienced 3 software crashes with sony in well over 1 , 000 hour of use since 2012 . with abode , my software would crash at least once per month . i m sure adobe had improved their software over the years , but this experience was enough to shift me to sony s professional video software . since 2012 , i have extremely happy and doubt that i will go back to any other brand .
the first thing i noticed about this program is that opposed to say nero or roxio it is pretty hard to get in the computer , you have to input about a dozen licenses to get it all set up . however once you finally get it in , it is a superior program that will allow you to do cool things that other video suites and burning software just can t compete with ,
ms has a little surprise for you after you purchase and begin install . upon attempting to download i got the message that mavericks is incompatible with office 2016 and you will have to upgrade to yosemite or download a previous version of office 365 personal . office is yosemite restricted .
office 365 is what i ve been using for my email and documents for over a year now . it s great to have access to all of my files , with the ability to edit and share them , from wherever i go . getting a subscription card just makes it that much easier , so you don t have to worry about reoccurring payments it s a great gift for a college student !
this is all you would expect from an office program . i agree with what others have written about the details of this program . the one thing i would add is that the program is not available for the kindle fire platforms . it would be nice if microsoft could add this as an option for those of us with kindle tablets . works nice on my android phone , though !
i ve been using video studio pro for the last three iterations . this easily is the best revision to date . i m using this on a machine i built with an amd fx 8320 eight core processor with 16 gb of ram . i m using windows 8 . 1 64 bit . the 64 bit code runs fast on the computer , and it renders video quickly . i m finding that it will render 1080p video in mp4 format about twice as quick as x6 did . that s a great software driven upgrade . the interface has minor tweaks that have made it somewhat more intuitive than prior versions , especially for exporting projects to video , etc . the feature set is largely the same as prior versions . you can do quite a lot with this software and don t have to be a rocket scientist to do it . that said , adobe s products offer some additional functionality for true power users . overall , i continue to recommend this as a reasonably priced video editor . it s faster and more stable than before , and improvement is always welcome .
i ve now used videostudio x4 , x5 , x6 and like them . videostudio x7 is no different . i ve also used other video editing software like cyberlink and pinnacle and i ll say that the corel products are probably the most user friendly , so if you re a beginner , this may be one to look into . honestly , you can load this on your computer and figure it out within minutes without looking at any directions . at least i did . installation was self explanatory , the program has many different functions and effects . you can make fun or professional looking projects , any kind of format for any kind of media . you can add music , video or pictures and you can upload the video to your computer , burn a dvd , up send it straight to the internet , to facebook , youtube and the like . i will say this , as i stated before , this is my fourth version of this software , and the there hasn t been much change with the effects that i ve noticed , so for me that is a little disappointing . it would have been nice if they had added some new title , transition or video effects , but they are the same ones that have been there since x4 i believe . however , i still prefer some of them to cyberlink , though i do prefer cyberlink s title effects . i get a little frustrated with the title effects in corel i ve also read other reviews from customers that have had trouble burning video to dvd . i ve not done much of that , most of my videos go straight to internet , so i can t speak much to that . the price is favorable to cyberlink however , about 15 20 cheaper . if you re looking for something simple and user friendly with some fun effects , this is a good program . if you re looking for something with a little more pizazz , you may want to keep looking and or maybe spend a little more money .
i ve always liked corel software , and this was no different . installation was a breeze . i found the workspace to be intuitive and easy to follow and was pleasantly surprised by the overall performance and speed of the program . having a slightly older machine that i did not build with video editing or rendering in mind , i was happy to find that this was not sluggish at all . it has the features that most amatuer video editors would need .
i have several corel products including this one and have loved them all . easy to use . my kids had fun with it too .
having struggled for years with mac s final cut express , i am a big fan of video studio , having discovered vs6 last year . it is inexpensive and very versatile software that is , as these things go , unusually easy to use . video studio x7 tweaks the old vs6 with some excellent improvements faster rendering and more sophisticated ways of editing your video . it has a new fastflick feature that is great for people who don t want to spend a lot of time editing just a few steps and you can put a video together quickly and easily and , for many people s needs good enough esoecially if the end goal is youtube . this makes it fast and easy to do . . one warning be sure to delete your old vs software before installing vs7 it doesn t work as an upgrade and your computer may continue to default to vs6 . one negative i took away 1 star because although i like the product very , very much , i don t appreciate the lack of documentation . they have only a short little blurb in the box no booklet and , worst of all , no help menu where you can search for topics . if you want to do that , you have to sign in to the corell website imo , very irritating and even when you do it , not that well organized . there is no book published for video studio 6 or 7 but i have used this one with vs6 it doesn t explain , of course , the new features of vs7 , but will point you in the right direction with many of the basic questions that will come up .
as a hobby on the weekends i run an av team five crew members of gaming junkies that help run a youtube channel devoted to gaming and not all of us have enough discretionary income to purchase macbooks and or final cut pro x . as such it was a real treat to test out both corel videostudio ultimate and pro x7 for more information on pro , see respective product for more and we ve had very positive feedback on the ultimate edition . our co founder and marketing expert tom tried the ultimate version and quickly discovered that his laptop was not only grossly obsolete windows 7 but most of the features exclusive to the ultimate edition are more gimmicky than utilitarian . after find tom a suitable computer to work on , he began working on a legend of zelda project using in game footage we captured with an elgato capture card and some live action sequences we filmed . one of the first things he began to experiment with was the 3d plug in and quickly disregarded when his new pc didn t feel like supporting them that and we have no need for them . the other premium plug ins were the hollywood esque transitions and titles but they still resembled something a high school or film student makes in his bedroom so they re not that great . however , what ultimate missed in its plug ins it makes up for in its comprehensive layout and use . while not as streamlined as final cut pro x , it still had a very easy to understand layout even for rookies like tom to understand and master quickly . the software is , relatively , user friendly and that is a plus to anyone that doesn t feel like shelling out over 1000 in premium software or mac products like i did . all in all , i would probably recommend pro over ultimate since the premium features on the latter are less professional than one would think . i d keep things simple .
pros upgrading from pro x6 on my windows 7 machine went smoothly a boatload of special effects transitions allows easy manipulation of audio video separately or in tandem renders video very quickly my videos average 15 min . apiece and will render within a few minutes if they aren t heavy of the audio and extras of course , this would vary based on the type of video you re producing along with your hardware set up neutral doesn t include a user manual documentation must be downloaded from the corel website and it s highly recommended to do so and read it because . . . learning curve cons learning curve i went through this with x6 pro , but this upgrade moved a few things around and added a few features which sent me back to videostudion bootcamp , so it s wise to plan accordingly ultra strict licensing this isn t new , but still worth mentioning if privacy is a major concern , you ll want to read and re read the license agreement because there s a note in there about collecting potentially personally identifiable information , plus , you may only install this software on a single machine and should you wish to reinstall it on another machine , you d need to contact corel for permission . overall , this was a great upgrade from the previous version of videostudio with added useful features an the simplification of a few others .
i have been using the corel videostudio software for many years for creating family videos and my youtube videos . . i am very pleased with its vast selection of features , ease of use , and stability . the corel videostudio ultimate x7 packs with a lot of new enhancements particularly its support of the 64 bit performance support . another new feature i like is the fastflick with pre loaded video templates which makes it easier for our video projects . the user interface is pretty much the same as the prior versions and is quite intuitive to use . the ultimate version has some very nice special fx features . the ones i like the most are the prodad mecali se which provides stabilization of the videos and the prodad vitascene for creating special effects to the videos . there is also a variety of output format including avi , mpeg 2 , mpeg 4 , avc h . 264 , wmv , and audio only outputs . the mpeg 4 avc supports upto 4096 x 2304 hd resolution . this is a great product with a reasonable price for those who are interested in video production .
i have used dragon on windows going back to the 1990 s and have also used the old ibm viavoice on mac os 9 a product bought up and then killed by nuance , who back then called themselves scansoft . compared to the pc version , dragon dictate for mac leaves a lot to be desired . recognition speed and accuracy are fair compared to the windows version but still better than ibm viavoice . where dragon dictate 4 . 0 seriously falls short is with editing and correcting . you might as well be typing everything as there will be enough errors no matter how clearly you speak and how well you annunciate individual words and phrases . when using voice commands to edit and correct , dragon makes random selections . it also inserts text at random places after editing i . e . not at the cursor . it is unbelievable but true that they have shipped this product repeatedly with the same bugs . as a long term nuance customer , i received my copy for 99 together with password genie that i see no use for directly from nuance . people planning to pay the full price should be at least twice as reluctant to purchase . to be fair , i would have paid 20 for something with this level of reliability and functionality . hence only 1 out of 5 stars . despite wanting to promote vendors who support the os x platform , i really cannot recommend this product unless they would iron out the bugs .
works fine for what it does , but locks up a lot and i have to use force shut down to stop it . i m a pretty fast typist , so i m not really seeing this software saving me much of anything .
dragon dictate for mac transcribes audio files of a speaker s voice from podcasts or recorded audio files . you can also compose and reply to emails in gmail via dictation or full text controls . latency has also been reduced with pure 64 bit application and improved memory . better speech recognition technology also improves accuracy over previous dragon software offerings .
i have not used a speech to text product in some time , the last being dragon dictate for windows from a few years back . this is the first version of dictate for the mac that i have used , but the products are similar in how they work . my goal is to have a way of transcribing voice memos i record with my iphone . i went through the set up procedure , skipping over the part where it asks you to create a nuance account as part of registration i guess i will be prompted to do this again later . for training the software i used a voice recording i made of something i had previously written . it requires 90 seconds of audio to work i gave it a 2 minute piece . the first pass during the training had a lot of errors which i corrected . the software then translated the voice recording and it still had quite a few errors . i tried again where i made a concerted effort to speak slower and more clearly . this second effort rewarded me with a better translation , but still with errors that i had to edit . i then tried a third time , with a different text , and this further improved , but still with errors . i then switched gears and tried the voice transcription from a live recording . first i used the included usb microphone . surprisingly , it worked a bit better , still with errors but fewer . i then tried recording with a bluetooth headset and it worked about as well , so it is the way i will go from now on . my conclusion is that it is probably unrealistic for me to expect 100 accuracy . if i am focused on good diction and pacing , i can improve accuracy . using a good audio source with minimal background noise is likely a necessity . the microphone in the iphone may not be of high enough quality , although i am going to continue to try this route , since it is primarily what i am interested in using the software for . i see potential here , as i have continued to see improvement . i would like for the software to be able to take multiple sample audio files with corrections and use that to improve accuracy . but i think it will continue to improve with time .
i ve used coreldraw for many years since version 3 . i used it as a desktop publisher and a typesetter and to create architectural shop drawings . these days , i use it to create graphics that i can import into embroidery digitizing programs to create custom embroidery designs . the reason it s so wonderful is that it created graphics in a vector based format . vector based graphics are different than , say , bitmaps because they are infinitely re sizeable without any loss of resolution . vector images are mathematical descriptions of the image , which is exactly the same at any size . bitmaps , on the other hand , are composed of an exact number of pixels so they suffer greatly when sized up jagged edges and loss of sharpness . corel offers an incredibly full featured graphics suite so that almost anything you need to create , edit , or produce can be done comepletely within the product . it includes an extensive font library and stock images , artwork , backgrounds , symbols and template galleries that are spectacular for business applications as well as individual users . the suite includes several programs coreldraw x7 , capture x7 , power trace x7 , photo paint x7 , connect x7 , website creator and bitstream font navigator . you must download website creator from the corel website after you install and register coreldraw x7 and set up an account . the account gives you access to updates and all sorts of extra help , tutorials , community discussions as well as other downloads . inside the box is the install disk and a quick reference card . the registration key is located in the plastic disc case behind the disk . unlike early versions , there are no printed instruction manuals and font clip art catalogs . instead , the almost 700 page users guide is on corel s site and can be downloaded to your computer . there are also over 5 hours of tutorial videos included with the program that allows even complete novices to begin using this software with confidence . installation went smoothly for me . note the eula only allows you to have this software installed on one computer at any time . besides the software , there are 1 , 000 , high quality , opentype fonts , 800 background patterns and frames , more than 10 , 000 pieces of clip art , 2000 stock digital photos , 2 , 000 vehicle templates and 350 templates . i have recommended coreldraw for many years now and x7 doesn t disappoint .
there s a lot i like about this graphics suite . it installed easily , it registered easily , and it starts up very quickly much quicker than adobe photoshop . i consult some with a shop that does a lot of weekly ads for food sales , and they only use corel . i come from a photoshop background , so i was quite excited to learn that you can toggle the corel interface to a photoshop interface if you want to . it s under file and options . this changed my tools and all so i have a workspace that is familiar to me . i also really , really love the font selector it previews the fonts for you , so you can get an idea of what it s going to look like . i used to have a program that did this and i loved it years back , but it never lived in my graphics program . that s a real bonus to me . the harmony editor lets you make perfectly coordinating color selections easily . colors can then be exported as style sheets if you want to use them online , or otherwise use or save them . it supports cmyk and rgb . the smear tool has several modes like good , easy and pointy smooth smear . the photopaint smart carver automates taking someone out of a picture it s very easily done . there s lots of good user support out there there s videos online with extensive tutorials , and there s corel forums as well , which users get access to when they register the program . the video tutorials are so well done , i never felt for a second like i needed to buy a book or take a class . it s obvious corel has put a lot of talent and effort into providing their users with free instruction . the 64 bit operation is smooth and fast . renders are fast . it has multi threading support for speed , and it s evident when using it . it supports multiple monitors . i ve not had this program crash yet , in well over a month , using it several times a week . it doesn t slow my computer down when it is running and i minimize it either . i ve been very happy with the programming and stability of this program . it runs very smoothly and efficiently .
i have a older pc that has windows xp 32 bit and wanted to watch blu rayy movies on it . after upgrading my video card and buying a blu ray drive , windows media player doen t support hd movies . i tried free downloads of movie players , but they really didn t work as well . this version works great and can play blu ray disks , files on hard drive and preforms very well . if you are in need of a very good player for videos , this is the one .
we installed this software on my daughter s pc , which is running windows 8 . 1 . she has a 16 9 monitor , and the powerdvd software allows her to watch dvds and blu ray discs on the machine . at first , playback was really choppy . i figured out that the software wasn t syncing with the monitor s 60hz refresh rate and located a setting that allowed me to change that . overall , this software is quite functional and allows you to view video in a number of formats , including several hd formats . and that brings me to my beef with this program . it altered nearly every media file type association in the operating system to make itself the default program , ruining the balance between my daughter s video editing , photo editing , and music playback software and requiring about 1 2 an hour to repair . shame on cyberlink for not even giving the user an option not to alter file associations during installation . how hard can it be to give the user that option ? not at all . that makes this software user unfriendly i m tech savvy , but some people will have a heck of a time figuring out how to get their media files lined up the way they had them . we haven t used the cloud based solution offered with this package yet . i ll update this review when we do . so , overall , this is like the swiss army knife of video playback software . my only real gripe and it s a major one is that the programmers will hijack your media file associations without warning and provide you no option to set them manually to this program before they alter them .
i ve long loved corel products and have always preferred wordperfect over microsoft word . this latest edition continues to excel . it was very easy to install , and i had no trouble with compatibility with older documents and spreadsheets . as usual , word perfect was easily customizable . i had trouble with my older version of word perfect running well on windows 7 , and this is well worth the upgrade . i love that it is easy to create your own keyboards and use that feature often in web design . this is a great alternative to microsoft office .
this is the best at what it does . that s putting it simply and directly . but it s very true all the same . this version has everything you need . it has a word processor which is easy to use and straightforward to figure out . it contains a spreadsheet designer which is once again , simple to use and makes your projects look fantastic . the slideshow creator is one of my favorites . just be careful you don t go overboard with it . it s so easy to navigate you ll think you re an expert graphic designer ! the digital notebook is another nice feature as well . setup is easy to install . and it runs quickly and efficiently . i really can t say enough about it . two thumbs way up !
my husband is alllll about the picture and sound quality and the bigger the screen the more powerful the sound , the happier he is . this was place disc in , install and use . its easy to understand and follow directive . i think they call that intuitive in the tech world . i call it , i can install and understand easily how to operate . this version 14 comes with 1 entire free year of 10gb of space on cyberlink cloud , if cloud space is what you are looking for . theres also a lot of customization features that allow you to make it your own . you can clip youtube videos and watch them when you are offline . this came in handy one night when my internet went out . i kept myself occupied in powerdvd with videos i hadnt had a chance to watch previously . the absolute best feature of this software is that you no longer have to switch between itunes , windows media player etc . powerdvd plays and views it all . i haven t found an unsupported file type yet .
if you are trying to avoid microsoft products , or just don t care for ms office this or open office are clearly the way to go . though i did discover a few compatibility issues when going between ms office files and wp office for the most part you will be able to do what ever it is that you need with this software . the times i ran across the compatibility problems where when opening documents created in word that had heavy formatting , images or tables . none of these wanted to come out properly when opened with wp office . this did seem to run more efficiently on my computer and install was a breeze . i like the built in pdf options and the ease with which you can turn things into e books . i enjoyed the old school layout , though that might be a negative to some people . i just found that things were more intuitively placed around the programs . unlike my newest version of word and excel that i use at work where i find myself hunting for the option i know is there but has been moved . everything in this seemed to be right where i expected it to be . very user friendly .
i have been using wordperfect since 1983 . although i use microsoft word at times , wordperfect is still my word processor of choice . my primary reason for preferring wp over word is that it is much easier to format documents and to fix stuff when it goes wrong . i absolutely love reveal codes . nothing word can do can make up for not having reveal codes . you can instantly see your settings and easily adjust any formatting . the main reason to use word is because everyone else uses it . the main reason to use wordperfect is that it is the best word processor out there . a few notes on wpx7 i installed it on a win7 laptop . it took about five minutes to run the installation . i only installed wp and lightning , not the spreadsheet and presentation programs , so it would take longer if you installed all of them . everything worked immediately no problems , no crashes , nothing . the installation program will ask if you want to move settings from a previous wp installation to the new version and if you want to delete the old installation . it makes life easy when you upgrade . the programs may be installed on up to three pcs . the home student version is a stripped down version . it does not include a few features found in the standard and professional versions , such as the ability to edit pdfs , ebook creation software and disk burning software . it also does not include the paradox database program that is only available in the pro version . i have been a huge wp fan for years , and this new version will keep our relationship going for a long time to come .
sage 50 pro is full features business accounting software competing with quickbooks pro and quickbooks premiere . this software is aimed at small to medium size businesses . sage 50 premiere has the complete set of features and is similar to quickbooks premiere . these 2 are for medium to large size business and also companies running more accounts , reports , etc . other options like sage peachtree and quickbooks online are for personal accounting and small business without payroll . i have tried quickbooks online 4 years ago and tested peachtree , when looking for accounting software for my 2 employee s corp . i thought i could save some money . within 2 months i met all the limitations and upgraded to quickbooks pro . at the time qb pro was the best option and sage 50 didn t establish it s reputation . spending 200 a year on quickbooks quickly added up to over 300 a year once i purchased the upgrades needed to use the features . this upset me . just give me the full software up front ! i was given a copy of sage 50 pro to test with amazon vine and i am now in the process of switching everything over from quickbooks . i feel that both software are very similar , offer the same features , and are too close to say one is better than the other . ultimately it s personal opinion . to me , saving a few hundred each year is worth is . in the month i ve been using it , i found the menu system easy to navigate and all the reports very helpful . this is top rate software and its shows . in the next month i plan on making the full switch . importing my data to sage was as easy an selecting import and letting the software go to work . in the next few weeks i ll phase over completely and update my review . i don t expect any problems .
easy to install and simple to set up . besides the great coverage behind the norton name , i was pleasantly surprised with the ease of setting this product up . putting protection on your computer should not take rocket science . this product walks you completely through the process , even uninstalls your expired protection for you . after the uninstall , the computer will restart and go back immediately to the installation of the new product . it was quick and painless . the code is found in the box and can be easily shared with up to ten computers within your small business .
in the past i got a new pc and it came with a few weeks free of mcafee antivirus plus at a discount price . i am a norton guy on all my personal pcs . most of my work environments in the past have been mcafee because it is cheaper . it was dog slow in the past , but i figured they would have got it right by now . wrong . i was constantly turning off the active scan to speed up compiling and transferring files . the product touted this version of mcafee internet security was developed specifically to work with your dell pc for maximum security , speed and seamless operation . what a load of crap that turned out to be . after my third virus , the happily re director being the last , i uninstalled mcafee , bought and downloaded norton . virus gone and pc is running fast again . never again will i get suckered into mcafee ! ! ! i tried microsoft s free microsoft security essentials antivirus software , but i ran into performance problems . it made the system hang while it updated . norton runs light on the system it is not a resource hog and has always come through when my boxes come under attack . the price for 10 licenses can t be beat . norton is easy to install and configure . the help docs are great . i had to punch a hole in the firewall to remote to my server from my iphone and had it done in 2 minutes . buying this software could save you hours of headaches trying to get your infected box back . i have had to wipeout friend s hard drives because their systems were so infected . i am not using the mac or iphone products . i am using it on windows 7 and windows 8 . 1 all in all this is a great deal ! ! ! !
easy to install ? yes ! good protection against viruses ? no problems so far ! annoying norton pop ups ? far fewer than previous versions virus protection for my phone ? not really , no . it s a little bit misleading because it doesn t so much provide anti virus protection for your phone as it provides basic , helping you find your phone if you misplace it kinds of services . final thoughts this is a good product , overall , but inside that plastic container is a business card and on that card is a url and a code to access the software online . so , actually , there s no need for the plastic container at all . i realize that some people don t care so much about the needless production of plastic packaging and crap that s going to end up sitting in a landfill , but i actually do care and i find it slightly offensive . i m sure there s a marketing rationale for doing this sort of thing people feel better about getting something tangible for their money instead of just getting access to something they re going to download online but after you ve opened the plastic container and retrieved your little card , you re just going to throw out the packaging . how is that useful ?
not many manual controls . otherwise , norton small business nsb detects , removes old at the installation , and blocks well new viruses from accessing through email , downloading , or copying , has a small initial footprint , but does not uninstall completely and leaves a residue interfering with superseding security programs , which requires a special uninstalling program from the internet . nsb is constantly up to date . it works fast and in the background , and allows manual customization in case of an atypical computer setup . a description of virtually every case can be found on the internet . initially , nsb takes up less than 100 mb of memory ram that is much less than the competitors . however , not all memory ram used to monitor the running programs is freed after closing them . but , it tends to slowly increase memory retention during or after using especially web browsers . that so called memory leakage might drain away memory causing the computer to slow down to a crawl and theoretically even to a halt crash . however , it is unlikely and would be unnoticeable at worst in and thus irrelevant to modern , multi core computers with min . 4 gb of ram memory . nsb automatically updates its new virus data base via the internet by the included 1 year subscription . its operations are transparent in the background . it is as fast and thorough as other leading security programs . the installation is simple and fast . everybody could do it .
in the beginning , there was norton , specifically peter norton who brought the world norton utilities in the early 80s , the first hugely successful package of pc utilities which would do wondrous things like recover accidentally deleted files . norton antivirus wasn t far behind . norton wrote books , produced utility software and in 1990 sold out to symantec . over the years norton antivirus in particular became a go to product . it also became bloated , buggy and slow and a lot of people , including me , migrated to more agile products . i have several older computers that needed to be protected , but i didn t necessarily want to spring for the price of bitdefender . so i figured i would try norton again . after all , i could always uninstall it , which i did with several prior versions . this time , though , i don t think so . norton , for windows at least , is back in fighting trim . there is no physical media in the package . just a card with a keycode . you have to go online to the norton site to download the product . by the way , this package permits you to install the product7 on give machines , which may be windows , mac os , apple ios or android . i am using it only with windows . the apple ios and android offerings look weak . also , the one year subscription term begins with installation on the first computer , so be sure to do all the computers you plan to protect at about the same time . ill be protecting five older windows computers with this package . on n intel i7 equipped computer , i am very pleasantly surprised so far . installation was simple , fast and without problem . the user interface , which at first looks way too simple , is actually quite sophisticated . scans were very fast and efficient . norton includes usage meters so you can clearly see how much cpu and ram norton is using . the impact according to the norton meters and eyeball observation is minimal , a far cry from the last versions of norton i used several years back . overall , i am very impressed by this norton and feel no hesitation in going ahead and installing it on another four windows computers . jerry
this norton small business 5 device licenses is a good way to protect pcs on a small network . we have a four pcs and various other wireless devices on our shop network , but no macs or tablets to test . we installed this on win xp , vista , and 7 based pcs and did not run into any issues , other than older anti virus software previously installed that has now been removed . the scans did not pick up any major threats but lots of tracking cookies were found and removed . this has been a painless process that has provided us peace of mind and hopefully real protection . recommended ! cfh
norton small business 5 device is a very good security solution if you have a small business or need to protect multiple devices . basically it is just norton internet security marketed for small businesses . at around 20 to protect each device , it s a good deal too . the box only contains a code so you need to download the actual software . i installed the software on 4 different devices . 2 pc s running windows 8 . 1 , 1 older system running windows 7 , and an android tablet . each installation went smoothly , and took no more than 1 2 minutes even on the old system . unlike some other big name security suites , norton small business is very light on resources , and has no noticeable effect on the system s performance . it protects against the usual online threats , social media scams , network invaders , viruses , and spam . norton small business 5 device is one of the best security suites available . it offers top notch protection , lots of features , and doesn t even slow down an older system . the price is fair too . i recommend it .
easy software to load . had to reboot after the update for everything to work properly . there are two methods of which to build your family tree desktop and online . i found the online method to be a lot easier to work with and move around in . i do like how the software helps you narrow down possible hints to family history , but , in order to dig deep you need to know each persons name and hopefully date of birth or at the very minimum where they were born . it will not auto populate your whole family tree with a few clicks if that is what you are looking for . my one annoyance is the upgrade sells , this comes with 3 months searching but after that you have to pay for more and it is only for domestic searches . if you have someone who immigrated from a different country you will have to pay more . i really do like how all the records are simplified by using public records information to make searching easier . in order to have a robust family tree you will need some basic statistical information on hand before . all in all i found this to be a pretty good product and have had fun with it . i just wish the history of generations past would be easier to search .
i don t feel the need to dive into depth in this review , as there are so many other good ones here . as always , family tree maker is a solid product and worth the investment . the feature suite is rich and it gets the job done nicely . where my real complaint lies is the map . this has been a feature that s been in the last few iterations of ftm and , while i love the idea , the implementation drives me bonkers . the idea behind the mapping feature is that you can attach people and events to actual locations on a map . it s great for setting up to do lists , getting a visual look at your family history , and so on . the problem , however , is with formatting . i have yet to figure out what it insists locations be entered as they are . for instance , i have ancestors buried in a cemetery in baileyville tx . this is , of course , how i ve entered them . ftm , however , doesn t like baileyville , tx and gives me a ? beside any entries . basically , it can t find baileyville in its database . and yet , on the map view , it drops the pin right on you guessed it baileyville , tx ! so it can t find baileyville , tx in its database , but seems to find it just fine on the map . go figure . at others times , it will insist on a county for a location and , even when i duly enter it in , will still kick it back as being somehow wrong . there really seems to be no rhyme or reason to when a location will be kicked back as unrecognized . this is sad , too , because the feature is really nice when it works . it s helped me clear up some sloppy editing like when i once entered grimes co , tx last name was spelled <edited> . age was given as 64 . occupation listed as farmer . real estate value listed as 47 , 000 . for a location ! perhaps i shouldn t be so harsh , but this is a feature that s advertised prominently and has been around for years . there are ways around these issues , but none of them feel reliable to me and ancestry software should be reliable above anything . if they could fix these map problems , i d give it 5 stars in a minute . until then , however , i m keeping the pressure on . long story short , great software , but the mapping piece can still be annoyingly inconsistent
we get the upgrade every year , and , while the changes are not huge , the program is excellent to begin with , and they do improve it every time . this is no exception . the program seems a bit faster , and there have been some tweaks in the way things work . nothing major by itself , but it adds up . this has always been the best genealogy program , in my opinion , and it still is .
pops b gone wish wish list for the purpose of providing information to pops b gone home pops b gone wish list for the purpose of providing information to pops b gone home
i bought this to install on a new intel nuc system i was building , choosing windows 10 pro because i wanted to use bitlocker disk encryption . the dvd worked fine for the install , but i was momentarily confused as to where to find the product key . inside the packet is an authenticity sticker which has a small scratch off square that hides most of the product key . the type on the sticker is so small that i did not recognize at first that s where the key was and had to use a magnifying glass to read it . note that you don t actually need the dvd you can download the windows media creation tool to create installation media on a usb stick if you want .
good price for win 10 pro 64bit . system builder disks , does full install just without the msft install support component . excellent buy .
for home system builders or upgraders , this is the full 64 bit win 10 pro operating system at a great price .
i have used toast software for years for my disc burning needs . i have used it to convert eyetv recordings , copy cds dvds noncopyrighted of course ! and convert video files . i have a love hate relationship with this software . it will work flawlessly for 20 discs and then the next 5 will be coasters . i have tried various brands of media and i see the same problem with all of them . thank goodness the cost of blanks has come way down over the years . the interface of toast 12 looks nearly identical to toast 11 . i did not notice any performance increases in 12 over 11 . the only really new feature added is live screen capture . it allows you to record directly from your screen and add voiceover . you can then share the recording as a video . it works well , but products like screenflow have a ton more features and allow for more editing capabilities . needless to say , it does do what it claims to do allows you to capture , copy , convert burn . it is still one of the software programs i will have on my mac . if you have toast 11 , it really isn t worth the cost to get live screen capture .
i purchased toast 12 titanium for my mac running yosemite hoping to get good video editing and dvd burning software . i ve been disappointed . the basic video editing software is usable , but provides only the most basic video editing . it its defense , the program is primarily a dvd burning package , not video editor . the dvd creation piece , is also very basic . limited to provided templates with some basic editing . sufficient , but does not allow for much customization other than changing the default titles and background picture . the screen capture software is totally unusable . it has locked up my mac every time i ve tried to use it requiring a hard restart , can t even quit the screen capture program with the opt cmd esc keys that normally allow forcing quit . have never captured a single frame with the screen capture program . if all you want to do is burn basic dvds , then this will work for you . if you expect to capture screens , edit them and then burn to dvd , look for something else .
first , if you buy the disc version of this software , be sure you have a dvd drive for your mac . most of them don t have one anymore . there didn t seem to be anyway to get the download version later at least that i could find on the roxio website , even if you have the purchased product key serial number that comes with the disk . i find this practice to be scammy , as once you purchase a license for a piece of software , you should be able to access is on disk download , however you want . second , i decided to stop using this software immediately after installation , since the very first think it did when i launched it was try to access all the contacts on my mac . this is a huge red flag for spamware , and i am not willing to risk running this software further , and finding out other malicious spam tactics it might include .
i tried an earlier version of this a while back and had problems with it needing some microsoft subprogram . this time it worked great . easy install on both my windows 7 ultimate 64 and old xp machine . i doesn t slow the machine down at all and comes with a cd and not some pesky download and keycode . i m really tired of not being able to put my hands on what i pay for . . . . good product ! !
always an excellent product ! however , i just downloaded windows 10 and received a kaspersky message that not all features and functions will be supported . i suppose this will change but be aware !
i don t know if this program is better than the norton one it replaced . i just felt that it was time for a change as norton s product cost continues to rise . time will tell .
arrived on tome , installed and working perfectly like it should
kaspersky make it impossible to stop renew . . . took 3 calls and 45 minutes . do business with a real company . emails have fake links , no easy way to contact company .
i was already very happy with version 6 . i upgraded and i am now even happier . version 7 adds new features including advanced yet intuitive perspective guides and basic animation without cluttering the program s exceptionally clean user interface and responsiveness . despite the simplicity of the interface , the program allows very efficient and easy access to all of its features . layers are improved and grouping is very useful and intuitive . the steady strokes functionality can substitute for bzier curves available in vector based programs and is arguably easier to use . prospective buyers should visit and review the 76 page documentation that is available at autodesk s website just google it as posting links is not permissible here .
nuance really needs to update this program ! ! it s been almost 3 years since the last version improvement . i ve been using dragon naturallyspeaking for many years , over 20 , and the program still needs a lot of work . i have a real love hate relationship with it because it makes a lot of stupid mistakes . it still does not take adequate advantage of multi core cpus or of vast amounts of memory like it should . this program needs to learn how to utilize system resources if they are available . come on nuance get it together . your programmers turn out the same old thing with only minor improvements over decades of development , yet claim vast improvements with each release . you need some good competition .
i was tricked into buying this instead of dragon professional . i was told that premium had voice macros that you could do keyboard shortcuts and operate the computer programs by speech commands . only professional and above have the voice macros i wanted
while i usually write my reviews the old fashioned way , i thought it fitting that i speak this review using the product itself . dragon naturally speaking premier is speech recognition software from microsoft windows products . amazon provided a group of us with copies in order to give our honest opinions of the product . the package comes with a headset with an adjustable boom microphone , the installation dvd and some documentation . after reading the documentation , i installed the software on my macintosh running windows 7 under vmware fusion seven pro . i would ve preferred a native macintosh product , but vmware is usually quite good at these sorts of applications , so i have the utmost confidence that the dragon software will perform the same on native windows systems . to use dragon , one must speak in a clear , even tone and to say the punctuation as one speaks . naturally , this takes some getting used to , but it seems quite good at recognizing spoken punctuation . dragon allows the user to specify if they have any sort of accent when they speak , such as standard , british , indian , pakistani , australian , etc . there is also the option of selecting one s vocabulary size and which speech recognition method to use . once the accent is selected , the user chooses the input method and is then asked to recites text containing tips on the use of the software in order to fine tune how well the software works . once the software is active , the user is able to control it by saying phrases like wake up double quote and double quote stop listening to me this makes the package quite simple to use and for people with limited mobility may make life much easier . overall i am very impressed with dragon naturally speaking software , although it does take some practice to become proficient . until the user is completely at east was supposed to be ease with the product , i recommend going back and proofreading the words that are dictated because things like a , will end up in speech if one is not careful our mom mom mom i was saying uhm on in the dictated text .
i was previously using dragon naturally speaking 11 . 0 and am surprised at the noticeable difference in the upgrade to 13 . 0 . the first noticeable difference is my only real criticism this version took far longer to download than my previous version and is something other reviewers have noted so apparently it was not an isolated experience . but once installed , everything runs smoothly and seamlessly . included with the software is a high quality headset but i find myself using my laptop s internal mic instead . this is an area that especially surprised me the accuracy even without a headset is impressive , thereby saving me the hassle of always traveling with a separate mic . so far , i have used this in word , publisher and for web surfing all with good results . because i work in media publishing , i am used to triple checking everything so any occasional inaccuracy doesn t bother me i like having that necessary last step to check spelling , content and formatting . even so , this is a huge time saver . also , transcriptions from an audio file voice recorder were close to error free . i have had slightly less success using this for web browsing , which i attribute to user error since this is a new function for me . i doubt many people will routinely use all of the many features found in naturally speaking premium 13 . 0 but the ones you do rely on are easily mastered and will give most everyone more than satisfactory results . whether you are a newcomer or seasoned user of dragon naturally speaking , premium 13 . 0 is worth consideration if you are looking to streamline your productivity .
it can be of great help . it takes a long time to master this speech to text software . it is time well spent .
i have been trying to master full blown photoshop for years , without any success . i can do the most rudimentary things with the program . one day i will get , it , but its taking this amateur a long time . the reason above is why i discovered how much easier it was to get comfortable with coreldraw and student suite x7 . between the interface and the suggestions help that the program provides this was a painless program to work on and through . watching the video tutorials also helped . they took up almost 2 hours of time , but if you figure out how long you could spend cursing under your breath when you can t get a program to do what you want it to do or what you think it should do when you didn t think watching the videos are needed and i feel viewing them is an excellent investment . like any graphics package software , you need enough umph from your pc to run the program smoothly . i had it running on a dell 64bit and 4g of memory and had no problems with it . i also loaded it on my macbook and it didn t skip a beat . while i understand that photoshop is the standard for image editing , i can whole heartedly recommend this product for the home user . i really enjoyed it and look forward to using it in the future .
i m by no means a photoshop wizard , but i do have some experience with advanced drawing and photo editing software , such as paint shop pro . keeping that in mind , i found the software surprisingly easy to use . after some brief trial and error , i was already creating some unbelievable effects . the tutorials help even more . there are a lot of features with coreldraw that you won t be able to find with paint shop pro . the barcode wizard is not something i have use for at the moment , but is super easy to use and awesome if you have need for it . the power trace feature is an awesome tool for creating high quality resolution logo designs among other things . software alone is great . it does tend to make my 2gb ram huff and puff and lag a bit . i would recommend using it with upgraded hardware if you re going to be doing any heavy photo editing . overall fantastic beginner friendly software that allows you to create some jaw dropping images . it s very easy to do the basics , but also capable of much more advanced editing . i found the tutorials to be easy to understand and a great help for using new features i had no experience with . as long as your computer has great ram , i think you ll really like this software .
i love all of corels programs
this is a dumbed down version of the corel draw suite . i didn t know that when i purchased it . they should be up front and honest about that . avoid this and purchase the education edition if you want corel draw x7
great software to help you discover the world of new design possibilities . it can be used for both home and school . this is adaptable for both the casual user and the more advanced .
painter was already a top flight digital media creation suite , so it is tough to think what corel could do to make this even better , but they did . while it is virtually identical in look feel to the previous release , they did add enhancements and make things easier to do . things like smoke , fire , hair and water are easier to manipulate using the new particle brushes . it is also noticeably faster to load and run . this is always a big help and is something i wish that adobe could also work on . the only real down side is mastering the art of locating all the tools at your disposal much like previous releases . so the question comes down to . . is it worth spending money to upgrade ? i would say yes if you are already a hardcore painter user . if you only dabble , then i would say pass . this is a much better product , but unless you are a gung ho user it is probably not for you . if you have never used painter or have a much older version . . . then i would say it is worth the purchase . final word this is not a photo editor like photoshop . to the uninitiated , please keep this in mind . if you want to be digitally tweaking your photos , you ll want something else . nice product , decent improvements , excellent results i love painter always have .
i have used corel for years , it works and recommend it
i m updating a prior review . since i bought this product intuit has discontinued development of quicken . they are supposed to sell it to some other vendor . i ve never seen a software sale of this magnitude work . for that reason alone this would be a two star rather than three star purchase . what takes it down to 1 star is that today i m getting quicken emails about spending patterns . i did not knowingly enable online access to my accounts . don t use this product . the market for personal finance software is not what it was 15 years ago . it is now a niche market . the reason why that happened is beyond the scope of an amazon review . i am sure nobody would develop quicken for windows the gold standard today . it s development was funded in a different era , including the painful process of establishing connections to banks . so we can t compare a new product quicken for mac 2015 to that product . if you want all those features you need to run windows in a mac vm or do dual boot . so we compare this product to using a spreadsheet ugh or ibank 5 . unfortunately that s a very hard comparison to make . i mentioned this was a niche market i ve not seen any serious head to head comparisons from a trusted source . i opted for this product assuming it leveraged the bank connectivity network funded by quicken for windows . it does indeed do that . it is not a stellar product . it desperately , desperately , needs a manual but the finance market is now so small that even niche epublishers won t write a guide for it . installation and configuration was quirky . manual setup of 529 and other non integrated investment tools is weird . i ran into several ui bugs and usability issues . there s no help file . on the other hand , after initial setup it s bringing data in from a variety of investment sources and multiple us bank accounts . that s something . i think it s worth the money . a manual might even make it four stars .
this is not an easy program , and the books available are not easy to understand . i can t believe there are not a lot of software programs available to help with small business finances . most cost hundreds of dollars . i finally gave up and used a much simpler window 8 . 1 app on line . this inflated program of special features just had too much stuff that i did t need .
only new features credit report and portfolio x ray do not work . don t waste your money .
i use this software every day to keep up with my personal finances . getting the newest version every year gives me the confidence that i have the newest tools available for my needs . the 2015 software isn t a great leap forward from 2014 . it s more of an evolution . i don t see any omg new features . but it s still a solid product .
it is a complex tool but it is the best one available for individuals to track your expenses , investments , assets and budget planning . i decided to upgrade from q premier 2014 because it had some new tools that looked important morningside x ray to analyze investment portfolio allocations and also a valid fico credit score report that i did not absolutely need , but one that i was curious about . i had absolutely no interest in their smart phone app . usually i upgrade every 3 years when forced to in order to keep doing downloads from financial institutions . this time , i wanted to use the new tools . because i have been using quicken for many years , i knew better than trying to do an upgrade as soon as the 2015 version was released . quicken always has had serious and damaging bugs with every new release . in the past i would wait until patches r4 or r5 before even thinking of doing and upgrade . that meant february or so after the september release . this time , the reviews seems to say that quicken had really improved their software support and quality control and that r3 was stable . i upgraded at the end of december this was a little early , but everything seems to be working well . here is how i upgraded 1 . i purchased and downloaded directly from the quicken web site to make sure i got the most current fixes . 2 . i ran the update . it uninstalled q 2014 , installed q 2015 , rebooted my pc and said it would convert my data the first time i ran q 2015 . 3 . the upgrade and conversion was fast . the data conversion took less than 1 minute . 4 . i did not see any conversion errors . 5 . after the data conversion finished q said there was an update which it did . apparently , the version i downloaded was r2 and the conversion worked in r2 . i am now running r3 . 6 . morningstar x ray seems useful . 7 . financial institution downloads seem to work well and maybe a little faster than r2 . 8 . reports look the same . that is a disappointment . their analysis reports really need improvement in the way they treat taxes for the various retirement account . basically , they ignore taxes and simply add your pre tax assets to your ira assets and also your roth ira taxes . that is like adding apples to oranges and bananas . and counting them all as fruit objects . 9 . i am hoping i am wrong about the failure to improve the reports and that i will discover some improvements as i look at them in depth .
i have used dragon on windows going back to the 1990 s and have also used the old ibm viavoice on mac os 9 a product bought up and then killed by nuance , who back then called themselves scansoft . compared to the pc version , dragon dictate for mac leaves a lot to be desired . recognition speed and accuracy are fair compared to the windows version but still better than ibm viavoice . where dragon dictate 4 . 0 seriously falls short is with editing and correcting . you might as well be typing everything as there will be enough errors no matter how clearly you speak and how well you annunciate individual words and phrases . when using voice commands to edit and correct , dragon makes random selections . it also inserts text at random places after editing i . e . not at the cursor . it is unbelievable but true that they have shipped this product repeatedly with the same bugs . as a long term nuance customer , i received my copy for 99 together with password genie that i see no use for directly from nuance . people planning to pay the full price should be at least twice as reluctant to purchase . to be fair , i would have paid 20 for something with this level of reliability and functionality . hence only 1 out of 5 stars . despite wanting to promote vendors who support the os x platform , i really cannot recommend this product unless they would iron out the bugs .
first , a little bit about me . i m a writer , and although my spelling and typing are pretty good , i ve been using dragon naturally speaking premium for the pc for years . it reads back what i wrote , which helps me catch typos and repeated words that my eyes alone might miss . over the years , it s gotten better and better . my dyslexic husband , though , prefers to work on our mac , and he prefers to have me handle his editing needs . after all , what s the point of being married to a writer if you can t have her check your spelling , grammar , punctuation , and general writing style ? he has an iphone , too , and i ve seen him struggle with siri , whose voice recognition capabilities are a joke compared to my android s . so i got this software for him , because . . . well , i m tired of doing something for him when he should be able to do it himself , with the help of a little software . dragon dictate for the mac is a lot better than siri at recognizing his voice . there s no question about that . but it doesn t hold a candle to the latest version of dragon naturally speaking premium that i m using on my pc . to be honest , part of it does seem to be , well , him . my husband just can t seem to find a voice recognition program that understands him . i mean , i tried dragon dictate , and it seemed to work okay , though not great . i d say the accuracy with a good headset was about 92 . by comparison , i d give siri a 40 and dns premium for the pc a 98 . for him , though , the accuracy was more like 75 with dictate and maybe 80 with dns premium . maybe it s his english accent . maybe it s that he sort of starts and stops when he speaks . maybe it s that he doesn t speak at an even level . i don t know . so he s decided to stick with his old system , meaning me . none of us want to be replaced by computers , but when it comes to some things . . . it would have been nice . i could have spent more time on my own writing . so i like dragon dictate for the mac . it s head and shoulders above the competition when it comes to voice recognition for the mac . but i don t love it the way i love dns premium for the pc . it still has a way to go .
for a basic dictation software , this works well enough . it types what is said with great accuracy . dragon s voice recognition is truly the best available . the problems arise with formatting and editing . often capital letters are missed . paragraph formatting has errors . inserting edits or new sentence fragments will create false capitalization . this can be very frustrating and time consuming . as a regular user of dragon naturally speaking for windows versions 10 and 12 , i was disappointed with these problems . the windows version doesn t have them . why the problems here ? it doesn t make sense considering the same company is creating both software programs . after 3 weeks of playing around with this software , i m going back to using my windows computer and dragon naturally speaking 12 .
i love using dragon dictate for both work and personal tasks ! it s such a joy when dragon gets who i am , and how i speak , turning my words into carefully written notes that flow well and require minimal correction . the more i work with dragon , the better dragon works with me . now how many things can i say that about ?
i have my macbook set up to run windows through vmware s fusion . there are three programs that i use that don t work as well on a mac as they do on windows . since i ve retired , i really don t have a need for quickbooks or microsoft office anymore . there are simpler mac apps that will handle my personal needs just fine . the final holdout is dragon naturally speaking . when dragon bought the existing mac dictation program and incorporated its voice recognition into it i was thrilled and went out and bought the first dragon dictate . i was immediately disappointed . oh , the actual accuracy was good enough but the features for editing document simply didn t come near to matching the windows program . now , at version 4 , dragon dictate has come closer , but unfortunately it s just not up to naturally speaking . accuracy , when speaking through an entire section is excellent , actually better than my typing . that s the good news . the problem is that dictate has a tendency to insert random extra spaces and isn t terribly smart at guessing when sentences are complete if the dictation is interrupted . i also have problems with dictate not selecting prior words to correct . it s not consistently wrong , which is even more frustrating as errors are not predictable . oth , using dragon dictate for system control works well , though that functionality is built in pretty well into os x . i wish that i could replace dragon naturally speaking on windows for dragon dictate . maybe next version .
to start this review , i will tell you i am a cpa in real life and see nothing new here to justify purchasing a newer version , unless you have a new computer or intuit has you over one of their many barrels in a forced upgrade that just annoys the ^ out of their customers . install was easy , although it did take some time as i was also converting my former qb data file to the new version , and i see absolutely zero difference in functionality between this 2015 version of quickbooks it is replacing i only upgraded because i acquired a new computer and i could not find my previous qb 2012 installation disc . granted , my needs are pretty simple single member llc with one employee , but every piece of functionality i use basic invoice entry , sales receipt , p l and balance sheet reports is exactly the same . if you do not need to upgrade due to the licensing rollover , i would recommend you save your money until you absolutely , positively , have to get the software . on the other hand , if you are a small business owner looking for a good accounting package , i would strongly recommend this one the core functionality is easy to use once you get it setup and proper setup does take some time .
so far disappointed . keeps crashing , updates not taking , freezes on certain applications .
i ve been using quickbooks pro since 1996 when i started my own business . i hate upgrading but the last time i did it was in 2010 . so i just got a new computer and i couldn t install my old version 2010 . it was time to buy a new version . i always buy the disk version since i can reinstall it at will and the download may not always be available . i had no trouble importing my company data and so far , i really appreciate the new look and functionality . i m sure i ll find a lot more changes but for now , i m happy . update i did run into a couple of glitches . i ended up having to do some kind of check on my data and it all cleared up though . no issues since .
norton finally comes of age . this home product integrates their symantec enterprise features , and detections into the home version . leveraging extensive , powerful hardware in the cloud for superior detections . norton now has fingerprinting , and can recognize malware before other products get signatures for them ! very light on system resources , and overall feel of the system . this is norton like it has never been before !
i ve used norton security products for years with minimum problems . i think it s overpriced and i started using microsoft s free security essentials for our laptops because we don t use them as much . i think that this version of norton security doesn t bog down our two desktop computer s system as much , but it still has some annoying bugs that keep cropping up across versions . it offers more features than microsoft s free security software that i find helpful , like the identity safe otherwise i think it s a bit complicated . the interface isn t straight forward if you re typing to do som things on your own . it is , however , a set it and forget it type of program and it will scan your system for viruses when idyll automatically . sometimes you manually will have to download updates as the updater sometimes doesn t do it automatically . most of the time you can just install it and let it do it s thing without bothering with it . all in all it s a good product with a hefty price tag offering more than freeware .
won t leave home without it . . have norton on 5 computers , 2 tablets and 3 smart phones . been using norton for almost 25 years and have never gotten a virus or anything else on anything ! !
i have used this product for years and have no complaints . i would recommend it .
beware . i ve used norton antivirus exclusively for about eight years now , but this year s version has a big problem if you use encryption it will cause hard stops , the blue screen of death if you try to run either truecrypt or any other form of file or disk encryption . until symantec fixes this problem i would avoid norton security products if there s any chance you will use encryption software
this is the second time i have tried out the willmaker software program . the first time was in 2012 . this version doesn t have many noticeable changes from the first version , and that s fine . the product is still a good value and covers all of the basics . you will not be able to specify a lot of tiny , individual possessions in this program , but you can certainly write out all the minor stuff in your own handwriting and store that in a safe place . you could also take care of that by going to see a lawyer , but if you want to keep things cost effective it would be better to skip that . like i said , this program will cover all of the basics and essentials sort of like the basic tax return forms leave out peripheral stuff that not everyone needs and will be fine for the majority of citizens living in the united states . i am very happy with its ease of use and low cost .
if this is the first time you re getting a willmaker , then this is it . if you have the previous version , you probably don t need it . this version has same features , but seems to be a little more responsive not very noticeable .
this programs works very much like a home tax program , where it asks you questions , as if in an interview , and in doing so , you fill out the form on your pc . when you are done , you will have a will . you get access to some online references with this , a lay encyclopedia , but if your situation is not too complicated , this looks like it will do the trick for most of us . i already have a will , as does my wife , but this will be a great tool to update those . my will was done with the help of a paid attorney who does this for a living , and sure , i feel more confident in the output of that document , but after going through of this interview and filling out the questions , i do feel that the output from this willmaker is going to be good . it has all the places for all of the people that need to sign it , just the one i did with the attorney me , witnesses , etc . . the trick is , when i did this with the attorney , he had all of the witnesses there to help get it all signed , but with this , i will need to make sure that is done right , not hard , just another step that is needed .
willmaker has been the tool for creating a straightforward will electronically for a couple of decades , and deservedly so . whatever you think of nolo s business model , the tool itself works well for creating a complete and sound will . you can also produce other vital documents like health care power of attorney , financial power of attorney , and so on . it s irritating that nolo lets each version run only for a year or so and then tries to scare you into buying a new one . it s irritating that nolo has dropped support for mac users . but none of that affects the basic program , which works and does what you need , unless you live in louisiana or unless you want to do complex things like place conditions on a bequest . if you want to do that , you need a real live attorney . but if all you want to do is leave property to several beneficiaries and make sure your wishes are met in regard to health and financial stuff , willmaker is great . the much ballyhooed trust feature is limited in that it just creates the trust . you still have to transfer things to trust ownership the same as it would be for a trust made by an attorney . if your needs are really really really simple , you can use forms found online instead of this package . but isn t your time worth something ? with willmaker you don t have to chase down those forms . they re right here . i d rather pay 50 than spend another 4 or 5 hours looking for valid legal forms . you really owe it to your family and other heirs to make things simple to handle after you die . a legal will , powers of attorney , and a central place to list your wishes and your assets can only help them . just do it . i ve witnessed what happens when a person dies intestate , and it is a world of avoidable trouble . spare your family that .
the earlier reviews here made is obvious that there were some major issues with this program as of today feb 22 , these issues appear to be fixed in the downloadable version from nolo . com . the old dates for updates and failed update file were not present in the version i downloaded . all in all , this package is the gold standard for computer based will creation . it walks you through all the steps required to create a will , as well as document for health care directives , final arrangements and a basic letter to survivors . of course , the documents are not of much use without getting notarized . thankfully this is usually pretty simple and cheap , and only involves going to a notary public with the documents , id and 2 witnesses . you then all sign in front of the notary , then you can pick where to store it . storing the will you created is important do not store it in a safe deposit box as it may be impossible to access after death . if you have an attorney , some may store it for you for a reasonable fee . there are also online services that do this . this package does come with a one year living trust , but only with one year of access to it . if all else fails , purchase a water and fire proof safe , and store it there . make sure the important people noted in your will know where to find it in case of your death . all in all , this package is well worth the money now it works well it includes the online living trust for 1 year , an online downloadable version of the nolo basic law guide , the legal answers book for families in the box , 222 pages and updates to the software for one year . like most quicken products , this product will become obsolete on 12 31 , which means you may need to buy a new version next year if you didn t finish this one on time . bottom line if you don t have the money to get an attorney to make your will , and you don t have any overly complex situations like major investments , multiple properties or complex distributions of your wealth , this package will suit all your needs as long as you put a bit of effort into it as well .
would not install on windows 8 . 1 , and after trying to talk to their tech support , or lack there of , i returned it for a refund
installed easily on one computer but not on another one . also , i am not happy with its ability to block viruses . my desktop with mcafee internet security 2015 was rendered useless by a virus and the situation was so bad i couldn t use my rescue disks to reinstall the original factory software .
got this for a great price and believe mcafee gives you protection as good as any other . like the mcafee firewall and the features it offers
i ve used mcafee internet security for years and years . use it on my laptop and my pc . it installed easily enough with no problems , as usual . i don t feel my laptop slow down or get sluggish when the automatic daily scans are in process . i love the clean up of junk on my computers function that this has . i am not at all a computer geek so , i really appreciate when i need to install software on my computer and there are no problems . even more than that , i love that when i m finished with the install , the software works . this install was from a product key number that i used after going onto the mcafee website . i can t believe how times have changed . no more cd necessary to install this . no heavy price to buy the boxed cd . this was really inexpensive through an amazon market place seller , as it was last year from another seller . to me , if it is sold through amazon in any way , i feel confident because i have never had a problem with anything concerning amazon , whether a purchase , a question or a resolution to any even tiny issue . yes , i recommend this .
works as intended , replaces the 2014 version in my pc . it has a pretty easy interface and seems to catch the things that can hurt your pc s performance or functionality . i can compare it to bitdefender , and it s no better or no worse .
this was very easy to install , and to get it running . i love being able to change the settings so that hackers et al cannot see me . this software comes with 3 licenses , which means you can install it on up to 3 computers . it has not slowed down my pcs at all , even when running memory hogging programs . i put off reviewing it until i had used it for a while , and it s still doing a great job . one bad thing was that is erased all my passwords i had in chrome . it s easily fixed , but a warning or an opt out of that would have been nice . on the other hand i love the password manager . this software is a great value and a worthwhile effort to protect yourself online .
installing and running mcafee on a windows 7 laptop was easy and non intrusive . it asked me to set up an id so i could download and use it on 3 different systems , i did that for ease . it did ask for auto renewal that i declined and then it started installing . i had to uninstall a previous virus protection software that had expired before installing mcafee . it was not intrusive like setting up norton on my other laptop . mcafee takes care of virus protection and online security , it does make some sites load slower . other than that it does not interfere with the workings and does not slow down the system . it also updated definitions in the background and did not make it a fussy process like norton which kept saying your system is unprotected and made me do several tasks manually before it was up and running . the only negative criticism i have is that it deleted all my cookies without asking and also all my passwords that were stored in chrome . that made life difficult , if i had known it would do that i would have first changed those passwords .
i have tried several antivirus utilities before norton . the past year i have been using 360 , and been very happy with it . one challenge i had was figuring what to use . they had norton antivirus , norton internet security and norton 360 and i was not totally sure what each did . the new norton security is an effort to merge norton products into one subscription service . the only option is the backup . installation was really simple . there was no cd in the box only a credit card size key card . it was a bit difficult to get at because the code was on the back of the card which was glued to a larger card . after that , you log into their site with your account and enter your license key for the installation . from there you can download the installer for your windows , mac , or android device and proceed with installation . you can also send an email to the device you want to protect . either way , installing protection is a snap . it requires a restart , and then norton automatically launched an installation process , which took about 4 minutes . i had to repeat the process for each of my 3 computers you can protect up to 10 devices . the dashboard window is simplified with four large panels labeled security , identity , performance , and more norton . if you ve chosen the edition with backup , you ll also have a backup panel . clicking a panel causes the whole row of panels to shrink down , exposing buttons that perform specific tasks . it s a nice change from previous editions . clicking settings brings up a window that seems less cluttered than previous norton products . a series of checkboxes lets you quickly turn components on or off . it comes out of the box configured for maximum security , but you can change the controls if you really want . my guess is that most users won t need to change anything . im not a computer antivirus guru . i want something that is easy to use and does a good job . so far , this has been even better that the previous norton 360 . independent tests performed by dennis technology labs , gave norton their highest rating of 5 stars . the other programs receiving 5 stars were kaspersky , eset , bit defender and bullguard . norton security with backup also adds an online backup service with 25gb of free space . more is available at additional cost if you need it . i back up most data on an external hard drive , but i like an additional back up of key data online . im sure there are some people who will find faults and say there are better products . for me , they made a good
i ve successfully used norton anti virus products for several years now . so far , i m really liking norton s newest product , norton security with backup . i ve installed it on 2 laptops will be adding it to a new ipad mini in the next few days . it s very easy to install you ll need to open a norton account if you don t already have one . . . it s simply your email a password . after you enter the product key , and install norton on one device , you send an email to another device , open the email on that device follow the instructions . there s no need to install the product key again . norton security with backup backs up a maximum of 25 gb of your personal files , photos , videos , etc . on your pc , but not from your tablets or phones . you choose which files you want to backup . i don t plan on using the password vault . if you don t take the product tour in the beginning , you can find it in the help menu on the norton dashboard . when i start up my laptop , i always check to make sure the norton icon is showing on my toolbar that it has a green check mark . . . green means my laptop is protected . several years ago , when i was using a different anti virus program mcafee , i got a trojan or virus that effectively prevented my anti virus program from scanning updating . it took me a while before i noticed my pc wasn t being scanned for viruses . i d turn scheduling updating back on . . . then they d get turned off again . so , i always check to be sure my anti virus program is working properly . i haven t had any problems with norton security with backup will update my review if necessary .
norton security with back up has worked ok for me so far . installation was very easy and took only a matter of minutes . inside the box is a little card with a serial number . log in online and download the software . it did automatically uninstall the previous norton antivi from my computer in order to install this one . the first thing i noticed that was weird with this version is this weird floating bar thing it does on occasion . if it asks you to install to norton to your status bar , say no . i had to turn off that feature . i do notice it back every now and then which is super annoying . i have to ability to install and run the software on 10 pieces of technology . i don t quite have 10 but i can sure use the extra protection . i have yet to attempt doing that as my phone is old an in need of replacement skyrocket galaxy s2 i got when they were brand new which will happen in the next month . when i replace the phone then i will update this review . everything else worked great . the only problem i have is that weird floating bar that i do not like . it will go away but it is annoying . also , it asks me to set up a password vault , so far i have not figured out how to make that go away without me being reminded everytime i start up my laptop . i do not need service . seems good for the price .
perfect protection for my computers so far . there seems to be no interference with normal operations , since the software reduces its priority when you are using the computer for other tasks . updates are automatic and non intrusive . norton seems to have caught a number of attempts to load virus software . all in all , i am quite satisfied .
i have been using norton security for over 15 years and will continue . i like a lot compared to the other programs i ve tried .
disclaimer i am not a tax expert and do not claim to be one . however , i believe this standard edition of turbotax that i have been asked to review has filed my taxes incorrectly . last year , i was unemployed and the irs offers so called free filing through various companies if your income is below a certain limit so i tried the free version turbotax offered through the irs . when i told them i had a hsa , suddenly i was no longer able to file taxes through turbotax even though i met the income limit . a hsa is nothing complex , it s a savings account for healthcare expenses , but suddenly i no longer qualified for free filing . instead , they tried to upsell me to an expensive version . this seems like a scam . this year , i elected to review this retail version of turbotax and the question of whether or not i had a hsa was not mentioned at all . fine , maybe laws changed because of the aca and hsa s no longer matter . turbotax wanted to charge an extra 39 to file taxes for my state which i declined . for no particular reason , i decided to look through a tax booklet not included with turbotax and it seems i was supposed to include a form 8889 with my taxes to show if i had deposited or withdrawn money from my hsa . because of this i believe turbotax filed my taxes incorrectly , and i will need to go through the hassle of making corrections to my return . looking at the back of the turbotax box , there are four ! different versions to buy but there is nothing saying which version you should use if you have a hsa . so being unable to find the correct version of turbotax to fit your needs may cause your taxes to be filed incorrectly . this product claims to be able to file a 1040a which i normally use , but the truth is , it s only good for a 1040ez and anyone should be able to file a 1040ez on their own . as a result , i don t recommend you use this product and i will not use it in the future .
there is nothing in this package that cannot be accomplished with taxact . the only reason i stay with turbotax is sheer passivity . laziness . over the years , i have already added all of the information to the program , from employers to assets and income , so that i basically only need to enter the numerical information . the only work is in gathering the information . there was a time when only turbo tax worked with macs . that is not true any more . this year , i have to spend a carpload of time arguing with them as well because they have made all of the schedules more expensive by putting the basic schedules in a more expensive package . i received an email telling them that once i have purchased the home business model , then i can apply for a 25 rebate . not a chance . they have turned this into a fiasco for customers .
subterfuge ! needed to upgrade to premier , even though used deluxe in 2013 !
tt did a great job of marketing error recovery this year providing a 25 credit , and the software worked flawlessly as per usual . if you think about it , tt does a major software release every year , and it works very well , and with generally great customer support if any issue . hence , all things considered , they outperform microsoft by a considerable margin on this per product basis , imo .
we use turbo tax every year , but were disappointed that we had to buy the premier edition to get the federal forms we needed to file this year .
should have listed to the other reviews . have been using turbotax for over a decade but the product has gone to the dogs . will not be using next year , i can promise you that .
as other have complained , deluxe is now pretty much the basic package and if you have any stock or other investment income , it will not work for you at all . it makes you pay 30 to upgrade . intuit has apologized and offered to refund 25 why not all of it ? this is a huge nuisance i would forgive them for all that , but the customer service has been horrible . after waiting on line for over 20 minutes to find out why i didn t get my upgrade confirmation number , the incompetent csr who barely said two words to me in 5 minutes accidentally hung up the phone . now i m back in line again for another half hour . . . other years , i would have given them 4 stars , but this year is a bit of a nightmare . what a complete and utter screw up .
as others have noted , intuit has materially changed the content of their delux version , forcing their customer to pay more to get required forms . very poor choice on their part . shoddy product vision , strategy , and marketing .
well , despite all of the unhappy people , turbotax did a good job of completing my taxes . i simply followed along and everything went as it has in the past . i am a long time user and began with macintax a long time ag0 . i was happy with the results . took just a little time once i had everything ready receipta and income forms . course , i should have kept all of the receipts in order all along but that would be efficient ! downside of the program is when you use the item deduction portion . i was not happy . this is the reason for 4 stars . i found it to be inadequate and lacking in many of the items people would normally donate to a charity . disappointing . regardless , i will use turbotax as it fits my needs and i am very careful to check what s included and what s been changed . it was hard to find out about some of the forms , but consultation on amazon through reviews was very helpful . however , i will double check before ordering given the mass complaints filed by many customers of amazon . i do believe that some blew it at intuit ! the webpage is making massive offers to refund to hopefully resolve customer complaint and to try and save their business .
turbotax is easy to use . get your taxes done easily on your own . now that s out of the way . features are removed . price has gone up . privacy issues . proceed at your own caution .
i ve used turbo tax for years and this is the first year i will not be filing a schedule c for many , many years . this one has the investment category included and hopefully it will be comparable to the home and business turbo tax used in the past . turbo tax makes life a lot simpler for me . each version is a little different but the past versions have been very helpful . hopefully this version will be the same .
ive been using turbotax since it was first published . some years i find fault with the program but most of the time it just works . my major complaint is the self advertising for an endless array of other paid offerings , but i seem to be not even noticing them anymore . since intuit makes only incremental changes and my tax situation is not complex , it seems to take me a few minutes less each year to complete my taxes because i know the parts of the program i need to use . a lot of people have complained of price increases for the program and being forced to buy different , more expensive versions . i find no reason to complain . turbotax has a slight learning curve for new users , but if you follow their guided input and are willing to read the directions both intuits and the irs , everything gets done . so turbotax 2014 looks and feels a lot like turbotax 2013 and 2012 , 2011 and years before that . and thats a compliment . i use turbotax every year because it works . its that simple . jerry
have used turbo tax for years . never a problem . i m pretty concerned now with the news that many of their users had their returns hacked by people who gained access to turbo tax and stole the information . not sure i will use it next year until i research how serious this is was .
we have been using turbotax for years and could not file our yearly tax return without it . we particularly like this version as it included 1099 prep which is a real monster without turbotax . the price for this version is rather high , but it does simplify things . it includes one state which is satisfactory for our needs . the program won t do taxes for you without your careful l input , but since death and taxes are the only sure things in this life now , take this route
i have been using turbotax for years , yes , this version has changed , but if you re doing the basics you ll be fine . just do your research , figure out what you need and make sure you re buying the correct version . this version , the deluxe walks you through your return , double checks as you go , imports prior year date , has 5 federal 3 files with irs confirmation , imports w 2 , quicken and quickbooks info . guides you through the new healthcare law , and has live us based support via phone . it also includes coverage and guidance on 350 deductions and credits , 1 state product via download print free or e file for 19 . 99 each , has an audit risk meter , helps you donate items and covers misc . income and limited expenses . you are not going to get investment and rental property help or self employment , small business help . these are covered in the premier and or home and business versions .
after ten years of using turbo tax , i will be taking my money to h r . while there is nothing wrong with tt , it s actually a fine product , this is the second time in 3 years that the makers greed has overshadowed the usefulness of the software . as a quickbooks user , this over site by parent company intuit , has also lead me to start looking for an alternative to qb as well .
rather than paying higher fees at tax preparation sites , i ve used turbotax for the past 15 years . this year s turbotax proves to be no less capable than previous versions , with very easy to follow questions and opportunities to claim multiple deductions . our situation is slightly atypical in that we do claim a minor tax credit for hosting an exchange student , but it s merely a matter of researching the correct form and you ll find it in turbotax accordingly . for your more run of the mill deductions , turbotax takes it easily in stride . they also back their product by covering any errors should they arise and they update their software frequently if any changes do arise in forms calculations . they also facilitate importing wage earning forms by utilizing your employer s id along with your ssn to locate and extract the relevant data , saving you the hassle of having to manually enter it yourself . overall , it s a great low cost tax preparation solution if you don t want to sift through stacks of paper and fill everything out by hand or pay higher fees at a tax preparation site . edit 1 23 2015 one amazon customer pointed out that this year s software does have limitations , and i quote no full schedule c , no schedule d , can t enter k 1 income , no schedule e , no schedule f . if these schedules apply to you , then please be aware that you have to pay more for it or you may wish to get alternative software or go to h r block . or do it the old fashioned way by hand . cheers !
i first experienced intuit s belligerent behavior when i upgraded my quickbooks enhanced payroll last year and found that i would now be charged more to write checks and get to waste a half hour of my life on the phone getting myself off the automatic annual renewal treadmill . now , with turbo tax deluxe , the very same product i ve used , and been very pleased with in years past , i find that i can only e file half of my taxes , as schedules c and d can only be e filed with an upgrade to premier . you got me , intuit . . . classy ! to be fair , if you search out the product listing for deluxe , it does what is described in the listing , which is great for folks that are experiencing their first rodeo . however , there are probably thousands upon thousands of people who have been using this product for years and expect to get what the product has always been . instead , these loyal customers get a healthy punch to the abdomen . in my opinion , if you want to squeeze more money out of your regular clientele , just spit in their face up front by charging more for the product they re used to , as opposed to luring them into buying a product they think they know only to hit them with a gotcha half way through their tax preparation . what in the world did intuit think the public reaction to their new money siphoning tactics would be ? i , for one , can t wrap my mind around any sort of justification . intuit has always made great products , nothing has changed in this regard . it is their mischievous , back door money grabbing that will be the death knell for this brand . if for no other reason than to show that you won t support a company that is obviously trying to take advantage of the loyalty of its customer base , don t buy this .
great tax application . have been doing my own taxes for my sole proprietorship even before computers by hand , but turbotax takes out all the guesswork .
what else are you going to use ? minor issues but got it filed .
for over 10 years i used turbotax deluxe for my personal and small business federal and state tax returns . this year intuit makes you buy this much costlier version because they took the schedule c and depreciation functions out of tt deluxe . this was a pr disaster for them , so they are offering a 25 refund if you used to use tt deluxe and had to upgrade to tt home and business or premier this year . the only catch is that you must file your federal return by april 20 or no refund . more motivation to file on time . i ve always been comfortable using turbotax to figure my taxes . for a small extra charge they offer audit insurance too . i took off 2 stars for tt forcing us to use this more costly version .
have used turbotax business for over 20 years . you should conclude i really like it and find it s economical . the problem i have is with the efile feature and its signing procedure . that procedure is too complex so even though it s included in the program i don t use it and just mail my return . the irs needs to simplify the signature procedure .
i got turbotax deluxe only to find there is no schedule c for small businesses . so i gave it to my daughter . i ve used turbotax each and every year it has been available . now i had to pay more than double for this version . i m buying h r block software next year . it s not enough that turbotax has such a commanding market share , but now extreme greed has appeared . some marketing genius decided to divide up the product into pieces to alienate all but the most basic customers . so i m switching next year . the reviews say that h r block software is equally as good . now i regret buying turbotax , especially when i can chat with a tax professional extensively at h r block . i may buy it anyway this year if i need any assistance or turbotax is vague in some area . i have some property in china and turbotax is messed up in a certain area and i have to do some strange things to make it work . somebody at turbotax is out of date and doesn t know about the purchasing process .
i ve been using software for tax preparation for years . for the last few years through 2012 i used an h r block product tax cut and although i was generally happy with it , last year i tried the on line version of turbotax . that experience was positive enough that i was happy to give the packaged version of turbotax a try this year . although i need to wait for some additional documentation from my bank and employer before i can finalize my 2013 taxes , my experience with turbotax this year has been even better than last year . the interface is clean and the process is intuitive . turbotax imported my tax returns , and all my personal information , from last year s return . and when my employer makes my w 2 available for the year , turbotax will import that as well . in my opinion , far too many people pay others to do their taxes despite having no extraordinary circumstances . for most of us , products like turbotax save money and make the tax return creation and filing process much simpler .
i have been a happy tt deluxe user for as long as tax software has been produced and was taken back last year with some loss of features so i was cautious as i looked for this year s software and started to read reviews first . what really stood out was the extreme difference between 1 star and 5 star numbers for tt deluxe and what was brought forth in the 1 star reviews . out of curiosity , for the first time , i began examining the ratings for other tax software providers and am convinced that i need to change . goodby to tt deluxe until i see a change in your response to user dis satisfaction ! ! ! ps . after a lot of research on tax program reviews on other tax programs , i just ordered h r block 14 deluxe . really looking forward to this experience ! update 1 9 2015 installed the new h r block yesterday and it went in with absolutely no problems or ado . will know more and give another update when i receive the state program and do my taxes . also , it only cost less than 24 which beats the heck out of tt !
excellent tax preparation software . i have been using it for years and never had any major issues with it and never got audited . i think it is the best tax preparation software out there . yes you can get cheaper software , but you get what you pay for .
with stock transactions buy sell you can no longer e file but we pay for e file . is intuit that crazy to raise the price and for some eliminate e file even though the user paid for it . why does intuit every other yer or so come out with a customer hit that costs them customers . h r block here i come .
this is a very full featured package and a good value . this software has an incredible number of features and options . and as there is no manual , it s a bit of trial and error to learn your way around . it s reasonably well organized and the main functions are easy enough to use . the basic editing features are easy enough . there are a lot of add ons included which i need more time to explore . i think you are getting a lot for your money , in that respect . lots of templates and effects are provided which may make things easier for you . the straight forward tasks like titles , trimming , combining and re sequencing are easy to do . an audio editor is included which is nice . one feature i was looking for and think will be important to many is the ability to sync video using the audio tracks . for example , i sometimes shoot video with my camera , but also record the audio separately using a better , external mikes and audio recording unit . i then need to sync the external audio with the camera video using the audio track recorded by the camera . the idea is to merge the waveforms together to find the sync points . this feature is included , though i have not had a chance to test it yet . if it works well , it would be worth the price of admission for me alone . i have seen separate software for this purpose which sells for as much or more than this package . there aren t any significant limitations that i have found so far . you have plenty of tracks available and tons of options to tweak nearly everything . all the usual video enhancements , transitions and tools are there . you even get a mobile app and 10 gb of cloud storage ! i like what i ve seen , so far , of the editor capabilities . things seem pretty quick and responsive . and , as a photographer , i think the slideshow creator shows promise . they look good and seem easy enough to use . there are tutorials on their web site that look helpful , but i have not yet had time to peruse them . i also note they have of trial versions of their software products available on their web site which may be of interest if you are considering purchasing this . this is a very full featured and capable package for the money and a good value . so 4 stars based on good performance speed , tons of features , and a reasonable price .
this is admittedly one of the poorest reviews i ve ever done , yet in a way one of the coolest . the product came along just as our 10 year old grandson was beginning to create a video of his own , and wanting to edit it . what a great opportunity , i thought , to see just how easy it is to learn and use . to be honest , it s a bit confusing because there was no instruction manual or even a help button that was apparently available , yet it says it has over 500 features . i m big on documentation , and this was lacking . we decided to turn it over to mr . brilliant the 10 year old , and he dove in an intuitively figured it out and seems to have mastered it , or at least used it quite productively . so , asking him how it was , he just said he likes it . from him , that s a big endorsement . and literally , we could not pull anything else out of him about it he was too busy using it . even later , he was too busy to discuss it , and just reiterated that he liked the program and it worked fine for him . so , if a 10 year old admittedly bright beyond his years can figure it out easier than an adult with plenty of experience using a computer , perhaps that s a great endorsement . i only hesitate to give it a 5 star rating because i simply haven t had a need or the time to personally sit down with it and try to plow through all its not so wonderfully documented 500 features to do a really thorough assessment of it . unfortunately , there s a time factor involved with producing vine reviews in order to stay active in the program , so i wanted to at least get something useful up on the product . and quite honestly , the more i thought about it , the more it did seem significant that if a 10 year old boy could sit down with it and get it up and productively running to edit his own videos , it can t be a shabby product . it just might have been nice if cyberlink took care of us old folks that never had computers when we were kids i started with punch cards and fortran iv , back before floppy discs and monitors had even been thought of . my first monitor was a tv hooked up to my high tech commodore vic 20 computer , with its basic language , and a cassette tape recorder for storage . windows ? i was about 40 when i finally got to use that . so maybe if a 10 year old kid can figure it out , a younger adult also has a chance
power director ultimate does a wonderful job helping you edit your videos . by going to directorzone . com , you can also view training videos to help you get started if you are new to using the software . plus , there are thousands of other users who post free templates and provide up to date advice to help almost anyone improve . this online community is very helpful for beginners and advanced users . as with any software , there is a learning curve but you have access to a lot of free training . with pd13 ultimate , they have also included a year of free 10gb storage in the cloud you will have to pay after the year to at least give you somewhere to put your videos temporarily . pd13 ultimate does not include audiodirector 5 or colordirector 3 you can get both of these with the ultimate suite . with all of the included templates and quality effects over 500 your creativity will be stimulated . if you take the time to work with the program , you will find it fast and powerful . highly recommended !
i give every single release of pd a chance . and once again i learn the hard way that powerdirector is the most shockingly unstable , problematic video editing jukware on the market so much so that the company has to resort to having a paid hype man to respond with vague responses to all the negative reviews on amazon . how powerdirector keeps getting awards is simply a baffling mystery . i m a software developer , and if i released software at this level of quality with my name on it , i d get fired . so once again , i m running back to my workhorse , corel videostudio pro . the bells and whistles count might be a tad lower barely , but vsx7 is just as 64 bit as pd , with no bugs , solid as a rock , better bluray playback quality , interface that actually makes sense for a good workflow , professional quality downloadable content that isn t just a bunch of kiddie junk , real human tech support at no additional expense , no customers being treated like criminals , etc etc etc . i ll give pd 14 a shot too . but i can pretty much guess what s gonna happen , can t i ?
the only reason i rated the software as four stars has nothing to do with the software directly it is the process required to activate a renewal via key code , which is less than half the cost of 3pc software itself . it took 20 minutes to activate when it should have been a one stop , 5 minute , effortless call . in order to activate the key , one must call mcafee cs who may may not speak conversational english . after struggling repeatedly to convey the key , a mixed 25 digit alpha numeric code , he finally got it right , then told me that he would connect me with someone who would guide me through the operation ! . when i reached that person you guessed it i had to repeat the key id again on the same merry go round . totaling about 20 minutes of wasted time and frustration , i was finally able to download the software and install on my pcs .
this product is a joke . using windows 7 64 bit . would not install . checked their website . live chat ? said try again later . called the number and got an off shore person who couldn t spell tampa where i was calling from . they said it could take up to an hour to install . an hour for a silly card program ? my dvd drive spun for 2 hours with no progress on the install bar . you know this isn t even hallmark , they out source this to nova , the maker of all those other mediocre products . i m actually a registered user of hallmark 2011 , but this upgrade was a disaster .
installs very easily and installs as a new version so if you have an older version , it will still be there to use or delete . it is easy to use , especially if you had a previous version . good cards and verses . the weakest link in this program is its graphics . compared to other card programs , hallmark s graphics are ok . some graphics remind you of the 50s pictures . but there are a lot of graphics that can be used . i have been using the program for many years and am satisfied with the results .
photodirector 6 has a surprising number of features for those that want to catalog and do simple edits for their digital photos . although i normally use photoshop cs 6 , i wanted to find something that would be more intuitive and easier to use for the people in my family who aren t photoshop geeks . photodirector 6 fits that need very well . importing photos is a simple process and rather than a bunch of obscure icons on a palette , photodirector arranges their functions by general task and as a result , workflow is much easier . there are tools for retouching blemishes , taking care of redeye , enhancing skin and eyes and there s even a tool that lets you reshape a persons body to get rid of holiday pounds , i suspect . two things that impressed me were the high dynamic range hdr and panorama functions . both tools made it very easy to create hdr and panorama photos and did a good job identifying photos that were not appropriate for the shot . i deliberately tried to fool it , but the program correctly identified each wrong photo and didn t try to include it in the final shot . this is a good tool for those who want good looking results without having to spend hours digging around in manuals and offers a lot of good features for the price point .
i take a ton of pictures and sometimes you just want a quick click of the button to make a fix , and photoshop can be a little daunting . this is where cyberlink photodirector 6 can help out . it s very easy to import pictures for organization . you can create albums , tags , etc . you can upload them to a cloud for safekeeping even . i loved screwing around with the program the first time i sat down and played with it . it has your basic adjustments for tone , exposure , brightness , color , saturation , and lens correction . it also makes it easy to target certain sections of the photo for changes , fixes or deletion . for instance , if someone photo bombed you and you want to take them out of the picture , this program will help you do it . for those people who are not very photoshop savvy , i m telling you , it is easy . it s really fun playing with portraits because it has a whole beautification process you can put the photo through . you can adjust just about everything on the face , including eliminating wrinkles yay for us who have surpassed the 40 year mark ! . you can adjust body shape , but , uh , no one would ever do that , right ? hahaha . if you have a picture in which you look like quasimodo , by the time you re done with it , you could be looking more like cinderella . and it really does so much more than that . you can also make simple slideshows with your pictures and set them to music . i did have one problem with this , but i m sure i can find a resolution . my new computer doesn t have a disc drive and i didn t find a place to download the software online even though i have the software key . so i had to load it on my old computer . i m sure there must be a place to do it , i probably just haven t found it yet . i ll keep searching , or if anyone knows where it is , a link would be helpful , hint hint . . . anyway , as you can probably tell , i sing the praises of this software . i ve never been disappointed with cyberlink before , having used their video software in the past as well . i think it s well worth the price and you will have a lot of fun with it and it won t make you want to pull your hair out .
first , it was easy to download the cyberlink photodirector 6 ultra to my pc and a digital copy also could be installed into my tablet using the product key provided i had no difficulty with either of those . i will say that the photodirector is much easier to use on a pc my tablet is normal sized but it s a little too small to use for editing pictures . i definitely got the sense that this was made for use with a pc because even simple things , like closing a screen , are difficult on a tablet because of the size . one thing i like is that the photodirector comes with free 10 gb storage space on cyber link cloud for one year so it is easy to transfer pictures for editing on the pc . there are many different advanced editing features available and after playing around with it just a couple of hours i was able to make some beautiful artsy pictures using some of the tools they provide . they also have a set up so that you can make slideshows of your photos with background music ! very cool ! although it doesn t come with very clear instructions , there is a link so that you can download the tutorial book one of the features i m looking forward to using is the panorama picture it creates a single picture by combining multiple photos , which can be taken from different angles . i travel a lot and enjoy taking pictures of scenery , so i will definitely give it a try on my next trip . i am not tech person . i just love taking pictures . although some of the features seem a little silly to me teeth whitening ? and it is not as intuitive to use as i would like , i think there are a lot of cool features on the photodirector 6 and overall i would recommend it !
i have not used this yet but appeared to be all there .
this has already been pretty thoroughly reviewed , so i ll just throw in my two cents . . . the vhstodvd 8 . 0 deluxe package seems to be what it advertises , but with varying levels of success . the wizard does do the job , as long as you follow all the on screen directions , but since you are going from a lossy 480i source to a digital screen that is more than likely 720p or higher , you will notice lots of junk in the video that you didn t see back when you last watched it on a tube television in 1996 . that s to be expected . but it does do the trick for accepting the video input . however , the disc burning is a bit lackluster . on two attempts i got coasters instead of playable discs , and i have a newer system with a nice optical drive . i recommend having a backup app , like nero , a cyberlink product , or tinyburner to do the actual disc burning . you may find it more successful , though a bit less simple . i haven t tried this yet , but from what i ve researched this device and application will even copy vhs tapes protected by macrovision , which means you can most likely back up your old disney videos that have been put in the disney vault . i unfortunately don t have any commercial vhs tapes left to test this on , but i ve read up on it and it seems that others have had success with this product for that purpose . of course , your experience may vary . while i m not fond of transferring vhs to dvd awful quality either way the fault of the cruddy old vhs format i find this very useful for connecting my turntable and recording my vinyl albums , which is also supported in the software . all in all it s a good product with a few bumps in the road . the hardware is solid . the software is sometimes finicky . i give it three stars this is average in my rating system . . it doesn t excel at what it does , but it s not a bad product either . it works well enough to deserve a look , but might require a little tweaking and possibly another product to get exactly the end product you desire .
ive been using turbotax for many years to file my returns , and had always been satisfied with them prior to this . ive used both the online and installed software versions of their product in the past . my tax situation has been complex enough that ive had to purchase much more expensive editions of the product to handle all the forms , and ive generally paid extra for the audit defense guarantee . this year i had two issues that really soured me on their product . first , in some situations intuit won t let you retrieve and print prior years returns unless youve paid for the current years product . i cant remember whether i filed the prior year in their online version or the downloaded software , but i am buying a house and needed to retreive the prior return for the bank . the lesson here is don t just save your tax return in intuits file format . export it as a pdf , save and print it for your records . the second problem had to do with one form i needed not being ready . i started my taxes in early january and filled in details as the forms arrived . the warning that i couldn t file because a particular form wasn t ready yet kept coming up , and finally i started looking for help in the forums . i found an article posted by them which said the form in question was available for everything but e file on mac , and that it would be available for that final format on january 30th . two weeks past that date not only is the form not available for e file , but printing a copy of it produces a big watermark do not file form not final even though its supposed to be available . i tried checking for updates and reinstalling as suggested but no luck . i was finally able to find a telephone number for customer service and speak to someone there after a 20 minute hold , only to be told they had no information other than what i knew from searching the forums , and no process for escalating my call to anyone who could help or even give me an updated eta . i was promised a full refund for the software but have had to start all over on preparing my taxes and several weeks have gone by in which i could have already filed my return . intuit makes it hard to speak to anyone in the first place , and harder still to find anyone who can help you with your problems . between that and the limited access to your own information that magically becomes no problem if you simply give them more money , im very dissatisfied .
for full disclosure , i should mention that i would never dream of using tax software to file the actual tax return , and even less to file an electronic return . i prefer to use a reliable tax accountant , either an enrolled agent or a cpa . so i use turbotax just to make an estimate of my tax return . then if my estimation differs considerably from my tax preparer , i can check to see where i or she went wrong . for that purpose turbotax is useful but not great . the forms demand far more detail than either the irs or my preparer would need , so i have to devise shortcuts to get the job done in a reasonable time .
everything went fine this year . i installed the software no problem . i imported data from my brokerages no problem . i uploaded my returns electronically smoothly . the whole process went very well . i was also very happy with the 10 bonus offer that was available if i used my refund to get an amazon gift card .
great idea . items arrived ahead of schedule . great look
turbotax downloads from amazon are the best . you get to keep a copy in your software library and keep it there for years in case you ever need to reinstall it down the road .
this is absolutely horrible . 1 they have stripped out features that used to exist , at all levels , in order to force you into buying a higher level 2 the software makes frequent and gross errors in dealing with mlps 3 there are bugs in the software , resulting in incorrect calculations 4 it crashes 5 there is no support . 6 just to repeat there is no support other than groupies who may may not know what they are talking about
i ve used turbotax for many years and have always been impressed with it s completeness and my tax return is not a simple one .
after using hr block business for my form 1065 partnership return and multiple form 1041 trust returns since 2006 , i tried tt business this year because i read that it now supports efile for trust returns . but after doing the first trust return , it became apparent that there is no way to import securities transactions into schedule d form 8949 which the irs started to require for trust returns two years ago . for any trust or business engaged in trading more than a few times a year , this is a non starter for those who wish to efile . for the three trust returns i have to do , i have over 500 securities transactions in 2014 . i doubt i could type all of those in by september 2015 , even if i wanted to . the tt user interface is very pretty , and it does permit one to switch between interview and forms view when necessary , but the process of dealing with a schedule d is very clunky . while hr block doesn t support data import to form 8949 yet either , at least they have a spreadsheet like data entry screen where one can paste rows of information from an excel file rather than type every number into a screen form for hundreds of transactions . like another user , i ve also discovered that there are a number of items on the form 1041 that cannot be over ridden , and allocations of trust expenses between income and principle is impossible well . . . maybe not , but after several hours of trying to figure it out , i gave up . tt business also doesn t have any of the import last year data from a pdf of last year s tax return capability that their less expensive personal products support . so migrating from another product means that you must start from absolute scratch with filling out every form and tiny box on your business returns . i give it two stars because the ui interview is easy to work with . but the lack of ability to import securities transactions into schedule d form 8949 doesn t add enough value to me to justify the much higher price of this software over competing software from taxact or hr block .
i agree with gil hanoch s review and the points he made about making improvements especially his 4 . when you want to revisit a section some of them make you walk through many pages to get to where you want but i still give it 4 stars because it s not that big a deal and you can just jump directly to the form . i would maybe give it five stars if it could handle a nol net operating loss or at least point us to the irs forms we need to fill out manually but it s almost impossible for it to actually do it completely on the first year you have a nol because you have to carry it back two years and then file amended returns for those years and then use what s left and carry it forward . but it could at least explain that in the program . my cpa friend wanted 300 . 00 just to do that one form 1045 and he wanted 1500 . 00 do do my return so it s all relative and a matter of what you are capable of and what you are willing to tackle . i did my federal return this year in about two hours and it was complicated but it took another hour to do the state because , for the state it was the first year i could apply the nol to it and i had to fill out a state form outside the program and you have to know where to apply those numbers by reading that forms instructions but i don t know if they are even mentioned in the interview because i skipped a lot of it and had to figure out for myself what the state of california was asking for . it s so far of it you leave out one step that you know you did it wrong as it adds rather than subtracts the numbers throwing it off by a huge number . be aware that sch c has not changed but the screen used to enter the expenses has changed a lot from what it was in 2013 deluxe version . one thing that pushed it up to 4 stars from maybe 3 . 5 is that the support is much faster this year , or at lest it is this early in the year . now that i m done early i know about what i owe long before i owe it but still have 4 month to file and refine the numbers as my 1099 interest forms come in and after i can download import numbers from my financial institutions which cant be done till late january
turbo tax worked fine for me this year . i only have a home deductions and charitable contributions , so my situation is pretty simple . it s worth the 49 to have my taxes done and filed in two hours from beginning to end . the upgrade i needed to premier for a sched c carryover was free . i don t think it will be next year . but after reading some reviews of h r block software , saying it wasn t as stellar as some people made it out to be , i stuck with what has worked for me for almost 20 years now . i may go back to doing my taxes manually on paper if the price goes much higher though .
i have been a turbotax user since the mid 1990 s i believe . this will be my first year to use something else . i refuse to be forced to buy the premier version just so i can have a schedule c . i have always had this in turbotax deluxe . intuit is now constantly advertising and trying to upsell their customers . i recently cancelled an online quickbooks account for the same reason . and quicken is getting worse each year too and pops up ads to me . that makes me furious when i am working and an ad pops up . . . this is not freeware software ! hey intuit . . . you are driving customers away . i have been using intuit products since 1993 and you are driving me away .
well , i bought the h r block and am extremely unhappy with it . i found a major glitch in the interview that would affect a lot of people that aren t knowledgeable about taxes . first i had major problems with the install , i assume a bad disk . it wouldn t boot directly from the disk and kept saying try again . i finally had to use my computer and after a few try s got it to load . the desktop icon is just a green square which could be a glitch and between everything makes me not trust the validity of the disk . the interview is terrible compared to tt and a major flaw i found that in putting in a social security 1099 it doesn t ask you for the medicare amounts paid and doesn t pinpoint it at any part of the interview even when you get to medical insurance in the schedule a . i found the interview overall extremely lacking . the forms view truly sucks and they incorporate worksheets into the form making too much clutter and confusion . going back to tt since intuit is making good on their screw up . i ve been a tt customer since the mid 90 s
i absolutely prefer turbo tax over h r block software . the software is much clearer to use and the prompts are very helpful . i was upset that intuit decided to exclude schedules c and d this year and so had purchased h r block s software . h r block had more difficulty with my minister s housing allowance so i relented and purchased turbo tax 2014 . it handled my housing allowance just fine as it has all the past years i ve used it . i don t use schedules c or d so that feature removal didn t impact me . i definitely prefer and recommend turbo tax over h r block . i haven t used taxcut so i can t speak to it . an addendum i ve been a minister for some 30 years and have always done my taxes and have never been audited , knock on wood . because of this i have tried to stay on top of tax filing requirements for ministers . as any minister knows filing taxes as a minister is pretty complex and requires a multitude of forms and actions that many ministers cannot follow , that a non minister cannot understand , and that many tax professionals have difficulty with , if one is to satisfy irs requirements which is a moving target . i offered a synopsis of my experience with h r block s software versus turbo tax . i did not list every detail for brevity and because i m not going to put all my business on the street . my opinion , subjective by definition , is that turbo tax does a better job of handling all the ins and outs of a minister s return and does it more smoothly with better explanations . take it for what it s worth . it s but one man s opinion .
with the crippling and removing of important forms for e filing in turbotax deluxe , like schedules c , d , and e , i am rating this one star . i use to use this product but i can t anymore . avoid turbotax if you can and go with a better product that doesn t try to gouge you with surprise upgrade fees when you are doing your taxes . if you are able to easily move from turbotax , than take advantage of that and switch now before you get locked in and it becomes more complicated to switch . and don t forget that intuit has lobbied congress in the past to kill any chance of simplified irs tax filing . you can probably guess why they would not want people to quickly and easily be able to file their taxes without their software . search google for intuit lobbying congress against simple filing and corruption is why you can t do your taxes in five minutes for more info .
like so many others here , i was about to purchase turbotax deluxe again this year as i have for many years , when i made the same unpleasant and terribly disappointing discovery that many others have reported here . to the vp from turbotax who said one of the challenges of selling on amazon and other sites is that we don t know who purchases our product so we can t differentiate between new and returning customers like you . we know that some of our customers won t be able to use the same turbotax product as last year . so purchase the product you normally get and then call one of my team members . . . so they can get you the upgrade necessary to meet your needs . by the way , if we did this for revenue purposes we would have targeted a segment of our customer base much larger than the 2 4 who are affected by this change . i say one of the challenges of buying things from your company is that we don t know how and when you will make arbitrary and inexplicable changes to your product for returning customers like us . we now know that you don t care that some of your customers won t be able to use the same turbotax product as last year . we did want to purchase the product we normally got and then actually get the product that we have normally gotten without now having to call and beg for it . by the way , why did you target any segment of your customer base for this treatment ? if not for revenue , then was it just to confuse them , or to annoy them , or to intentionally drive them away ? it seems that mr . scrooge is now in charge at turbotax . bah , humbug ! we consumers can only vote with our dollars . i have just used mine to vote for nbsp <a data hook product link linked class a link normal href block financial h r block tax software 14 deluxe state dp b00p6u8ba0 ref cm cr arp d rvw txt ? ie utf8 >block financial h r block tax software 14 deluxe state< a> .
the damn update keep constantly popping up and re installing ! i finally had to shut the damn thing off ! looks like i pissed that money away
very long download . probably would have ordered on disk had i known . have not exploited new features yet . seems to be stable and fairly easy to use . it appears that adobe is working to make it easier to use .
while most of our experience has already been documented here by other customers , we still wanted to take the opportunity to rave about this addition to the rosetta stone family . both my other half and i have used rosetta stone in the past . we both constructed a foundation for japanese using these products and then reinforced it with an intermediate college class . likewise , as a professor , i was able to test the rosetta stone english series . i was astonished at how very intuitive the software was and the manner in which it integrated the best approaches to esl that i knew . therefore , when we spotted this new reading product , we were very hopeful . as always , rosetta stone s years of expertise are evident in this reading package . like all rosetta stone software , the experience never feels like work for the little ones . and , while the price seems a little heavy , do know that the there are fifty individual exercise and a vast array of activities . all are age appropriate , child friendly , and rendered in lovely detail . every single aspect of this program which you may find your child referring to as a game . . . which is ideal ! encourages literacy but in a truly exciting , delightful manner . we encountered no bugs . this has clearly been closely beta tested . finally , we also love that this software encourages the positive , educational use of technology . denying children technology isn t pragmatic . . . it leaves them at a significant disadvantage when they begin formal schooling . therefore , this offers yet one more outstanding experience for young ones . everything about this software is carefully created , family friendly , and deeply educational . do not hesitate to invest this new rosetta stone reading package .
i ve used only one rosetta stone program previously , and i did so for an unconventional purpose , to assist a learning disabled child better acquire english skills . it was quite useful and i recommended it highly . this new reading program is just as good and i daresay can be used with children even younger than the recommended 3 years of age , since it includes shapes and symbols as well as letters and reading basics . as others have noted , this program includes 50 individual exercises and innumerable activities . it does indeed encourage literacy even in the preliterate infants and toddlers . no child is too young to read to . it s no good trying to keep kids away from computers . i tried and it doesn t work . the trick is to integrate reading and literacy into the computer experience , and this program helps parents do that starting at a very young age . highly recommended
i have a child with autism who is developmentally delayed in many areas . he has come very far and is now a great reader , though i had wished i had something like this for him years ago . i tried many reading programs , including hooked on phonics and those learning websites like reading eggs and abc mouse , but none really got him motivated enough to make a big difference . now with my 5 year old that just started kindergarten , i am hoping to get off to an early start and put this to use with her . i love that it works on ipad because every child i know is very familiar with them and knows how to operate them with ease . not so much with a computer . typing and using a mouse was a big obstacle , not to mention having to sit at a desk , especially for a child that can t sit still for very long . being able to do all this on a portable ipad is worth it s weight in gold . i ve previewed the program before starting out with the kids , and i love what i see . everything is very animated and colorful and it makes the entire process truly entertaining . the little lingos are very cute and add a lot to the lessons . the way the skills transition is also very smooth and well thought out . it starts with the basics , names of letters and letter sounds , and then starts building from there , putting sounds together two at a time , and eventually putting them into full words . i ve always been a fan of leapfrog products for learning to read , but since most households have an ipad of some sort these days , i d say it s worth it to purchase this for your existing tech over going out and buying a children s tablet and it s associated software which will easily cost much more in the long term than just buying this set . overall , i think it s a fantastic value and should be on every parent s list for little ones about to start school or just starting as well as for those who are struggling . it will give them a huge leg up . with public school curriculum getting more and more challenging all the time , kids are expected to be reading fluently in first grade and there s not much opportunity for catch up as the reading skill is required for all other subjects . the packaging is adorable too , with a cute little ribbon handle , so it would make a really nice gift for any child . great product all around .
this is a fairly inexpensive way to get the use of photoshop and lightroom , but you need to understand that you will not own the program . this is essentially a one year subscription to these programs , and you will need to resubscribe if you want to continue using the programs after the year ends . there are pros and cons to using the software this way versus purchasing the incredibly expensive software . people have different opinions on this , but if you re like me you can t afford the full versions of the software , and with the subscription system you won t cringe when the newer versions come out . that being said , photoshop and lightroom are outstanding programs . photoshop is the industry standard and will allow you to manipulate images in just about any way you can imagine . lightroom is more of an organizer type of software that enables you to do editing and sharing . one of the nicer features about this version is that you can use your mobile device , and it will sync with your desktop . you also will be sure that you have the most recent versions of photoshop and lightroom . this is an ideal option if you need photoshop and lightroom and don t have lots of money .
i am able to use this with my school s curriculum on photoshop and lightroom , and this is great because i can use it from all of my computers and devices without having to install the software everywhere ! what a great idea , adobe !
adobe photoshop and lightroom are the 1 2 punch for photographic editing . there are other options out there , but whether we like it or not , most of us keep coming back to adobe sooner or later for one reason or another . when adobe switched to the creative cloud online subscription system where users have to pay monthly or yearly for a subscription to use photoshop and lightroom i joined many consumers in switching to other applications rather than migrating to photoshop cc . my concerns were justified when adobe s creative cloud system was hacked within the first 12 months and all the credit card numbers for all subscribers were compromised . that security breach alone guarantees that i will never subscribe to creative cloud by providing my credit card information to adobe . that being said , creative cloud does offer several unique features you won t find in the boxed version of photoshop cs6 or competitive products . when i saw that adobe was offering 12 month prepaid memberships to creative cloud so you don t have to provide your credit card information to adobe i decided i d give creative cloud a try . the latest incarnations of photoshop cc and lightroom are the most versatile versions of these programs to date and they work together very nicely . i know many photographers who do all there editing in lightroom and never even use photoshop anymore , but i m old school and prefer working in photoshop and almost never use lightroom . i won t go through the 100s of features in these applications there are many sites and videos online if you re curious about how to use these programs but i will say this is the best way to use creative cloud with the least risk to your personal credit information . i m still not happy that adobe has switched to the subscription method instead of just letting people buy the software once and be done , but if you need to use photoshop and lightroom then a prepaid 12 month subscription card is the way to go .
the application is nice and pretty , and seems to create backups with no issues the backups even validate ok . but consistently , the system backups fail to restore . i have had some success ~50 getting files to restore , but full system backups fail to restore 100 of the time , failing about half way through . i have tried this on multiple computers , with both windows 7 and windows 8 . 1 , and the results are the same what use is a backup program that can never restore ?
been using the software for years and it keeps going more and more downhill as they add bloat . the core functionality , a simple image you can restore even the windows partition with , is spot on and i ve only ever had one issue with an older version and that is somewhat my fault for not validating it at the time . so if you want an image you can periodically backup to an external drive or even to their nice hidden partition on your existing drive it works great . just a note , if you do use the hidden partition make sure your files are backed up or obviously a hard drive failure will take those backups out too . the images have saved me many hours over the years and a lot of headache so i like the program just for them . where it fails miserably is everything else . i had it briefly doing file backups which worked well , until it started failing with an error message that when clicked goes to acronis help page with no data is available for this error . lovely . so i can t trust it for that and will have to use some other software . it s rollback stuff in the past has been unreliable at best and the interface has gotten slow , ugly , and needs more clicks to do what i want . after briefly activating the trial of online storage it now forever bugs me at random intervals to go back to using it with no way i can find to tell it to just shut up . so short version , great at it s most core functionality and miserable at most everything else .
i wasn t surprised that i m the only one having problems installing this . the manual is on the disk , so no help there . try to install it and wait . and wait . and wait . and then when it s done , nothing . doesn t boot . and no help , cause the help you need is on the program that won t run ! i had to uninstall another program to put this monster on . total frustration ! n . b . another user who went through the facebook route and got nowhere from the company said another user told him to click no to updates , and that made it work . if i have the patience , i may try that . otherwise , this is going to be lining my trashcan .
the product is good , but the customer service from corel is terrible . strongly recommend looking for a different product for your needs . amazon sells many different products to take care of needs . shop around , don t spend your hard earned money on this product . you will need customer service and corel currently policy is focused on sales , not retaining customers .
this product strikes a good middle ground serious art tool and fun . due to my artistic ineptitude , i m afraid i can t exercise and review it nearly as well as it deserves . but even if you are artistically challenged , as i , there s still a lot of room for fun . there are a wide variety of brushes , textures , and styles to play with , and even if you re really hopeless , the coolest part is that ability to pull in a photo and sic auto paint on it . . . you can choose from a bunch of artistic styles and then let it go at it . you see each stroke being rapidly applied , each second bringing slightly more detail . simply stop the process when it looks the way you want it and then apply a different style , or begin manually touching it up . even if i can t produce any great original art , as a photographer , this opens up a realm of new artistic possibilities for me . works great on the mac . it s photoshop style interface is a little tricky at first aren t they all . i ve observed no crashes or incompatibilities as used to be common with corel products from long ago and which i haven t used again until now . it work great on os x yosemite , and it works without any problem with my wacom tablet .
painter essentials 5 simply refuses to launch , even after numerous reboots and reinstalls of the program . it sits in the running processes and eats up a hefty chunk of your processor 40 on average but never actually does anything . not even a splash screen appears . this is , hands down , the worst piece of software i ve ever encountered at least everything else runs . for those who are curious about my hardware , i m doing this on a surface pro 1 that has proven to be an incredible device for artistic endeavors . painter failing to run is pretty disappointing . that said , if you re daring enough to invest in this , know that inside the box is not only the dvd for the program , but the serial number along with a link to corel s website where you can download the software . this is important to know for those of us out there with newer macbooks or , like me , a surface pro , or other newer computers that lack a dvd drive . another important thing to know is that the serial number is good for , as the site says in bold letters , one copy only . i don t know if this means that you get one install , period , or an install on one computer as many times as you need . since the software doesn t actually run , there s simply no way to test this .
i ve used the full version of corel painter for years and it s one of my favorite packages for digital art , especially when using a wacom tablet . the power of the full version is a bit too much for many people , but painter essentials is accurately named it captures the essential piece of painter and allows an artist that s new to digital art or that doesn t want to learn a bunch of menus to create something beautiful . the user interface is very intuitive and has quite a few features from the full version , but with a greatly simplified interface . the selection of brushes isn t quite as rich as with the full version , but it s very powerful at its price point . one thing many may like are the tools for creating art from a photograph . the workflow is very easy and lets you have some fun with your photos . the mirror image tool is fun , but the most popular tool for my kids is the auto paint mode . you import a photograph , choose a style , and the program takes over . it s kind of interesting to watch , but it s not very fast . once the auto paint has finished , you can edit the results . overall , i think this is a nice tool for someone who s getting into digital art , but i recommend using a tablet instead of a mouse since a digitizing pen lets you move much more naturally .
the software download works as intended on your computer . good to use .
was not what i expected . is too basic for what my needs were . simple , fairly easy to learn but didn t have the features i needed .
arrived as described . i was pleased with purchase
i m still learning how to use it but it is fun .
i m reviewing this as a basic movie making software , which in reality is exactly what it is . . i see where it has received some really bad reviews . that was not my experience . it installs easy enough and has a basic user interface . therefore perfect for those that just want to get something done and aren t trying to produce high end movies . if you want more advanced , you will need to go with the plus or ultimate version . for example , if you want to do 4k or blu ray s , then you will need to spring for the extra bucks . however , if you just want to get a simple movie made , this works just fine at just about a third of the cost of the ultimate version .
i m very mixed on whether this should be a 3 star or 4 star review . i ve decided to give it a 3 star review because , frankly , i had to keep googling youtube videos to figure out how to do things that should be very easy to do . once you figure out how to do it , then you realize how powerful the editor is . this year i ve created projects with cyberlink powerdirector and imovie . not surprisingly , when you just want to quickly put together some clips to post to facebook , imovie wins . next up , i like power director , but it is only slight ahead of pinnacle studio . one really nice thing is that it has a lot of built in transitions and effects . i found the export menu to be one of the easier menus i ve used . i liked the clip editor screen quite a bit after i youtubed a tutorial . however , i used color and brightness correction on a snow video sledding and the final result didn t look very good . it really struggled to properly correct the snow . one thing i really didn t like is that the effects transitions labeled gpu wouldn t preview render for me at all . this is very annoying , especially since i have a radeon r9 270x gpu . i also pulled up the gpu monitor when doing export and as far as i could tell it never even used the gpu . i do have an i4770 cpu , which it pegged at 100 . so , as far as i can tell from reading the documentation , you have to have a nvidia gpu or you will not get any advantage from your gpu . all in all , this product didn t leave me especially unhappy with it or very excited about it . in other words , i don t see much of anything that makes it stand out as an obvious winner .
this is the third version of pinnacle that i have used and i ve found it an easy yet relatively robust video edition program . i use nero as well for a lot of video editing , but i find this easier to use to produce discs with videos for the family . it is definitely not a top end professional program , but for most of us this will be more than adequate for our needs . the learning curve on the more complex features isn t too steep , while most of its features can be used pretty quickly .
pinnacle studio is a reliable , consistent program that is already in its 18th generation . i started with corell half price , easy to learn on , but with fewer features and the transition from one to the other is straightforward all editors use the basic timeline structure which gives a familiar interface and makes transitioning relatively easy . the pinnacle basics will give most people everything they need to edit and upload a well done video . the new features here include support for 64 bit , blu ray and , impressively , 4k video as well as hd . i m not interested in 3d stereoscopic video but it offers support for that as well . i do like the many presets over 700 and the limited , but still useful assortment of royalty free tracks . live screen capture is great so useful and you can make your hd video playable on blu ray . support for 4k video is for resolution up to 3840 x 2160 . they recommend 4gb if you re using stereoscopic 3d . you need at least directx 9 graphics device with pixel shader 3 . 0 support inc . at a minimum , nvidia geforce 6 , intel gma x300 or ati x1000 it worked on one computer , but not the other , so be sure to check the specs carefully before you buy minimum windows 8 and 7 , with recommended 64 bit os . full install takes nearly 6 gb on the hard drive . pinnacle studio is a good editor , but its a little too feature rich for me , meaning too much memory taken to justify with my own editing needs . otherwise , if you have plenty of space , its a good program , easier to use , able to use up to date camera and video recording technology and at a fraction of the price of editors like final cut .
it is buggy . it crashes on windows 7 sp1 , it crashes on windows 8 . 1 . i have 96 gb of ram , ssd drives , sata iii drives on the windows 7 box , i have tried it on both drive types and it crashes incessantly . the windows 8 . 1 box is a standard 12gb 1tb machine and no luck there either . having a 64 bit program is sweet , having one that doesn t work isn t . i can t do a proper review because i can t get it to stay running long enough to do anything on either machine . i have premier elements running on both machines as well as premier pro with no problems . i give it two stars for the free tracks , myriad presets , and free training . . . if they get it patched and working it could be a much better rated program . however , for now i don t have the time to bother with it or corel s lackluster support long time painter user and former word perfect user . . . so i know their support .
im enjoying going through the training sessions included with pinnacle 18 . clear , concise , and fairly brief , they cover the essentials and then some . following them , i have discovered that i want more control than that offered by smart movie , but what is offered beyond that entry level is more advanced but not so complex that i cannot master it with ease . i would like to have more options for formats in output . other than that , im a happy camper . four stars !
i love the new features on this pinnacle studio 18 plus , however , the instructions leave much to be desired , at least for me . i will continue to work with this software and will update this review when i have tried all the apps . i can tell you now that my slide show to video has improved greatly and the 3d capability gives everything that wow look . i love the speed of updating to facebook , youtube and viemeo . must faster than roxio in that regard . the crisp clear pictures are a plus as well . i m still learning this , but gave it four stars for being much better than previous versions .
there are very nice features provided in this version . i especially liked the audio feature and ability to adjust video and haziness . it s definitely better than the standard version . there are many detracting issues , however . installation is absolutely tedious long and i got a couple of error messages that i needed to to call them about . if you are going to call them you had better do it right away or you will end up paying for them to support you and their product . granted , the price good comparatively speaking but i still think a company ought to back up its own products for more than a couple weeks . if the company cannot stand behind its product better it speaks volumes . a quality product without user issues would not require lots calls to customer service and expecting users to pay for help is greedy and smacks of a lack of faith in the quality of 18 plus . the guide is a actually a volume of multiple languages come on , save a tree of which the consumer is only interested in one . have plenty of time on hand and no need for your computer when you decide to install . because of these issues i feel the product is just ok overall . depending upon your needs if you just dabble and are patient through installation and initial navigation then you would probably be ok with this one . otherwise , you are better off spending a bit more to get more .
pinnacle studio is probably best described as just about exactly what you d expect in most respects . it s fairly similar to adobe premiere in layout , so if you re used to that but don t want to either shell out for premiere or step down to premiere elements , it ll be decently familiar as functionality goes , it s smack in the middle of the two . i did find it a bit sluggish with a rather excessive collection of title and effects templates it really is possible to have too much of a good thing , and learning to navigate the asset browser takes a little longer than i d like . overall , the price is right , the learning curve isn t too bad , and although you won t rave about it , it works fine for basic to intermediate editing tasks .
the pinnacle series has always sought to be the premium of the corel family . lots of features , extras , and massive platform to do almost any home or semi pro project . the problems with previous pinnacle is the lack of multithread and 64 bit integration , and choppy rendering during the editing process . the pinnacle 18 has 64 bit architecture and utilizes your computer s juice to it s fullest potential . installation took far too long . 30 minutes for installation in this optimized day in age ? a non factor , but something worth noting . interface intuitive , easy to drag and drop , cut , selecting frames . rending capability while it is built for cuda nvidia graphics cards , my amd radeon card still was able to lend some juice to rendering . editing drag and drop , snip snip , import video . relatively easy to pick up . not being able to just drag a video from the outside is annoying . i have to import the video into the pinnacle ecosystem before playing with it . the editing tool for video is superb . change lighting , exposure , overlay image or text this is like photoshop lightroom for video editing . live screen capture simply a win . no more searching for that right screen capture software . integrated , easy to use , spectacular convenience . what i love is that recording both the video and audio program sounds is seamless . not many recording programs provide this feature . usually , you would need to use an external recording device to overlay any audio . features and extras my golly . royalty free soundtracks , endless list of transitions and effects , countless plugins . i personally don t need them all , but you will probably find a diamond in the bucket . it can be quite a headache to surf through all those transitions and effects . look through them all thoroughly a couple times , bookmark your favorites , and save yourself time in your video editing regime . the pinnacle studio 18 jumped leaps in and bounds and showed promise with the revamped 64 bit architecture and usual plethora of features . it is far from perfect , but it does give you all the tools for home or semi pro production . if you want to cut the crap plugins , extras , and you do like the pinnacle studio s ease of use , already solid collection of transitions and effects , go with the pinnacle regular or plus versions . update 12 18 2014 initially , i was quite bothered that i could not find a way to export files to a desired folder path . to do this , simply click on the folder icon when exporting
have used pinnacle 17 for a year , and i don t find this a substantial upgrade . the new features include more sound tracks from triple scoop music , plus 64 bit capability which substantially increases the speed , at least on my computer running windows 7 64 bit . the ability to capture videos from the internet is a major plus , but i had that in 17 . the installation went well . i was surprised at the amount of time required . i had a box come up indicating the progress of the installation . nothing was happening . i thought perhaps something had gone amiss , but eventually another box showed up giving the status of installation of each of the components . all my projects from pinnacle 17 transferred easily to pinnacle 18 . there are additional editing features i will try with 18 , but the important point was that i didn t lose any data in the transfer . the package is easy to understand . if you re unfamiliar with video editing programs , there are helpful videos . it s not a bad package to learn on . however , if you re already using pinnacle 17 , i don t think the upgrade is that impressive unless you re running on a 64 bit computer . if your are , it s well worth it .
if you want the best in prosumer video editing software , look no further . as others have indicated , this is feature function rich product and does take some time to get over the learning curve . some areas are not intuitive , unless you have a videographer background . all that being said , it is very much worth the price , be prepared to dedicate a few afternoons to get comfortable in the navigation of the product and enhancing your videos . the effort will be worth it .
pinnacle , corel and adobe all feature excellent video editing software . each has it s pro s and cons . adobe is the go to for professionals premiere pro after effects , especially if you also have a need for photo editing photoshop , publishing marketing materials indesign , vector graphics illustrator , webdesign dreamweaver and muse and much much much more , then the subscription based software known as creative cloud is the way to go . for those of us who prefer to use software that we own without needing to pay a monthly licensing fee , both corel and pinnacle offer great software . i am very pleased with pinnacle . pinnacle has a bit of a learning curve but if you ve used premiere pro and after effects or corel the learning curve is shortened . studio 18 ultimate handles 4k , hd and 3d . highly recommend for anyone who s dabbling in video production but not quite ready to take the leap into adobe s monthly licensing fee .
was not very fond of this selection i was really tried it 1 time and then have not since
always used turbo tax and now i bought h r block . it is great and i like it better than turbo tax .
have you ever purchased a product out of necessity but realize that it is a joy to use ? this is that product . intuitive , nice interface , simple and very easy to use . i have from year over year found no hiccups in the product . the fact that it imports prior years info is icing . lovit .
i was one of the people that bailed on turbotax after a decade of using it when the played their pricing feature game this year . this software seems to do an equivalent job and both my sister and i think it s a bit easier to use and more informative . we did have some installation issues on her windows vista system as well as my windows 7 pro . it was messing up during the first of the install . after a couple of reruns it finished the install okay . the free pdf writer software that came with it didn t seem to work correctly . adobe reader said the file was corrupt but i wouldn t put it past adobe to make reading pdf files not of adobe origins problematic . if there was a stumbling block inside the program it was how to get through the final review error check . the software would present you with defacto errors and also with questionable entries you needed to verify . it was not always straightforward to understand what was suspect about the questionable entries . sometimes there was nothing to go on as to why an entry would need a second look .
i purchase this from amazon every year and am very satisfied with my purchase .
after finding out that turbotax crippled its software in order to force users to buy a higher version of their product , i decided i had enough and opted to switch to h r block , whose price was 50 less that that of turbotax yet had far more functionality . move over turbotax , your greediness forced a 5 year customer to choose your competitor s product . if h r continues to retain the same functionality for a fair price , they will likely retain my business for the next 10 to 20 years .
several people have reported installation difficulties with windows 8 . 1 with this and all agree that h r block support is useless . check the one and two star reviews for what worked for some people . auto install does not work . what did work for me was to double click on the installers folder , the top one that shows up in file manager , and then double click on the application file that appears . installation went fine from there . i assume the tax return portion of the program works .
i have been using h r block tax software for years and it has always served me well . this version is set up similar to previous years and i have been able to import information from previous tax returns to save time from having to re enter information . the only snag was the install , but since i ran into a similar issue with last years copy , i knew what to do . if the install fails , all you need to do is right click on the executable file and select run as administrator and it should install fine . my account is already an administrator account , but i still have to do this to install this software for some reason . all is fine now !
bought hrblock deluxe for 2014 mac cd version after using turbotax for several years and taxcut before that . i shifted over to hrblock used to be taxcut after reading many turbtax reviews that you can no longer use tt deluxe for sched d efiling for the 2014 version . tt requires you to buy tt premier at a cost that is 2x that of hrblock deluxe . i found hrblock excellent and installed on my mac quickly without problems . it imported last year turbotax files as well as quicken for mac 2015 files without error . i found hr block easier to use and the import was more complete than turbtax tt deluxe . i am very happy with the shift to hrblock . all of my fears of shifting tax software were unfounded . tt has gotten greedy and others should consider letting the market send a loud no buy message to intuit tt parent . after using hrblock i probably would not shift back to tt even if they dropped their price and made thier deluxe version with the same features as their 2013 product . i have found hrblock to be an excellent product and accurate . i obviously have not yet tested the efiling portion of the program but i am assuming no glitches . but the easy navigation allowed me to do a draft tax return in half the time as last years turbotax tt . i highly recommend this product especially for former tt users .
used taxcut hr block over 15 years . quite nice software for an average taxpayer . upon downloading had to ask hr block to assist in bringing software up to date . easily done but the savings in price did come with need on my part for extra work . first time that happened with amazon software though .
well , i bought it for this year taxes . i have been using turbo tax in previous yrs . when i tried to import previous years tax info , it started asking me about which files and such . how do i know which files ? so , i stopped using it .
its my 4th year using h r block tax software . the download and installation from amazon . com was quick and efficient . it accessed my last year s return with no problems to complete basic information . step by step instructions were well explained and allowed an easy completion of my return . this was much appreciated as this year s return had a rather uncommon issue for me that i never had experienced . no problems . compared to turbo tax it is less costly . i have used turbo tax in the past and have found both turbo tax and h r block to be very similar in terms of being able to handle my returns in a complete and efficient manner with no issues . the lower price of h r block made the decision to go with them very easy . one issue and complaint that i do have with h r block was the very high price it charged to add on a state return 40 if you did not purchase a software package that initially included a state return . a late w 2 from earnings 8 years ago ! attributed to a state i no longer live in surprised me after i had already purchased the software . rather than purchase an addition state for 40 i found it cheaper to buy another complete h r block software package from amazon that included a state return for 20 . the pricing policies being practiced by both turbo tax and h r block seemed to determined more by greed than commonsense . as usual , amazon . com is the best place to purchase ! ! this year i also tried the on line tax act to see how it compared . it had some issues with utilizing information from my last year s h r block return . not a big problem , but , it did require a bit of proofreading and correcting basic information . i found the information in tax act to be more complete , but , perhaps a bit more technical and complicated than is necessary . it did not handle one issue with a rather uncommon stock option trade without some tinkering . h r block was much easier to use . overall , i found h r block to be a better product for me .
h r block still leads the pack with their tax software . based on kiplinger s tax cut and many new versions since then , this is easy , fast and reliable . even for small business owners , for itemizing deductions , and other one off credits and deductions , the software collects the information and checks it against tax laws and lets you know when a certain deduction , credit , depreciation is or is not applicable for your specific return .
bought it after turbotax deleted some schedules from deluxe . learned how to use h r block . went to e file and was told i had to update the program . although i had all updates i updated twice again once it took five hours . still said i had to update . called software support . they suggested i uninstall the program lose all my data , reinstall and reenter all data . that is when i went back and bought turbotax deluxe where they have given all necessary schedules for nothing admitting their mistake .
i ve used h r block for a dozen years now and in general i find it slightly better than turbotax the two are really very close to equal . this year i had a question about the minnesota property tax return so i chatted with h r block support . their person basically said i don t know anything about taxes and i don t know how our software works . {laugh} that seems like pretty useless support . it s a real toss up as to whether it is better to do your taxes by hand or to use a piece of software like this . if you do your taxes by hand you will have a much better understanding of what you are filing but it will still be confusing at points . if you use the software it is easier as long as you just blindly click next and pray the software is doing it right it missed one thing which i had to go back and manually figure out what was wrong and that made a 1000 difference on my return . note this is all from the point of view of a person who is filing for income from both a normal job and a schedule c for their own business . to be fair , i think the tax software has an almost impossible job and 99 of the fault is with the government for making tax code so complex that only the wealthy who can afford a tax attorney and accountant to optimize their taxes can reasonably deal with filing taxes or the very low end of the income scale that has virtually nothing to report and can just do the ez version .
in addition to reviewing entertainment products for amazon cd , dvds , books , in my normal daily life i m a cpa and tax preparer . i ve been using h r block software for at least 20 years . it used to be called taxcut and i actually liked that name better . . there are two basic tax software companies h r block and turbo tax by intuit . i find that h rb is somewhat cheaper and more user friendly . there are three levels of the software . in h rb s case , it is standard federal only , deluxe with and without state but if you live in a stare with a state income tax you should buy the with state combo much cheaper than adding a state later and premium which really is for more detailed help for self employed people . if you know how to fill in a schedule c then you can use the deluxe too . there are just more interview questions in premium . i use the deluxe . though i m reviewing h rb here , i ll point out helpful info for those who have used turbotax in the past . if you have any need for sched d capital gains or capital gains dividends you will need to buy the tt fancier version this year . the basic version doesn t allow you to do a schedule d . this is another reason to use h rb . now the reason i downgraded it from 5 stars is that you only get one state filing with either the deluxe or premium . if you live in one state and work in another , you will need to buy via download an additional state module . this now costs 34 . 95 per state which is actually the same list price as the federal state package . and you can find the fed state on sale often . amazon had as it did last year a one day sale on january 2nd at 55 off . but there is no way to save on those additional states . personally i think h rb is getting greedy there . i think turbo tax does the same thing but has a higher list price . if your return is simple then by all means use the software . but you might want to also check out local cpas , who have tax training , and see what their rates are . it may not cost that much more than the time and effort you spend using either h rb or tt , and they will be able to offer you support too and offer suggestions . i hope you found this review both informative and helpful . steve ramm anything phonographic
great price and today an additional 5 dollars was discounted . not sure why but for 18 dollars including tax for me turbotax is gone !
i won t be able to use the software until at least january 8th as that is the expected date that the product will be updated for use . i have used h r block software for several years . the product does everything that i need it to do and much more . i have been doing my own taxes for over sixty years but using this product i would be able to complete and file my taxes using h r block even if i had no previous experience at completing a return . the software will walk you through the process step by step . even if you are stumped you can get a solution within the software . i am already sold on using h r block software so the fact that i can purchase the product from amazon and download it instantly along with getting the product at a very good price is frosting on the cake . buy it , try it , like it .
i have used turbotax for at least 25 years and it has served me well until i filled out my 2014 taxes . so what changed other than the unconscionable increase in price ? well in 2014 turbotax suddenly discovered that it had been incorrectly calculating depreciation on foreign rental properties . instead of using a 40 year life the software used a 27 . 5 year life , which only applies to properties located within the us . this occurred year after year despite the fact that turbotax explicitly asked if the property was located in a foreign country , to which i always checked the yes box . because of this flaw all of my tax returns going back to 2005 had incorrectly claimed too much depreciation on my canadian rental property , thereby requiring me to file a complicated form 3115 to request a change in accounting convention . furthermore , i have to report extra income over the next four years so the irs can recover the excess depreciation i took . this , in turn , pushed me into a higher tax category and increased the amounts i will have to pay in medicare premiums . judging from the outcry on the turbotax user forum , many others were also affected by this incorrect depreciation calculation . i suspect that thousands of taxpayers were impacted . so why hasn t anyone filed a class action suit against turbotax ? well , if you read the software license , by using the software you give up your right to sue intuit and must settle your grievance in binding arbitration . arbitrators almost always find in favor of the company so why even bother going there . furthermore , the fine print in the software license states that turbotax does not guarantee that the software will produce the right answer so you use it at your own risk . how convenient for intuit . i have had it with this shoddy company . i m switching to the new guy on the block taxact . it is much cheaper and hopefully more accurate . if it is not i will switch again bit not to turbotax . screw them !
ive been using turbotax for many years to file my returns , and had always been satisfied with them prior to this . ive used both the online and installed software versions of their product in the past . my tax situation has been complex enough that ive had to purchase much more expensive editions of the product to handle all the forms , and ive generally paid extra for the audit defense guarantee . this year i had two issues that really soured me on their product . first , in some situations intuit won t let you retrieve and print prior years returns unless youve paid for the current years product . i cant remember whether i filed the prior year in their online version or the downloaded software , but i am buying a house and needed to retreive the prior return for the bank . the lesson here is don t just save your tax return in intuits file format . export it as a pdf , save and print it for your records . the second problem had to do with one form i needed not being ready . i started my taxes in early january and filled in details as the forms arrived . the warning that i couldn t file because a particular form wasn t ready yet kept coming up , and finally i started looking for help in the forums . i found an article posted by them which said the form in question was available for everything but e file on mac , and that it would be available for that final format on january 30th . two weeks past that date not only is the form not available for e file , but printing a copy of it produces a big watermark do not file form not final even though its supposed to be available . i tried checking for updates and reinstalling as suggested but no luck . i was finally able to find a telephone number for customer service and speak to someone there after a 20 minute hold , only to be told they had no information other than what i knew from searching the forums , and no process for escalating my call to anyone who could help or even give me an updated eta . i was promised a full refund for the software but have had to start all over on preparing my taxes and several weeks have gone by in which i could have already filed my return . intuit makes it hard to speak to anyone in the first place , and harder still to find anyone who can help you with your problems . between that and the limited access to your own information that magically becomes no problem if you simply give them more money , im very dissatisfied .
it s free , it works , and yes mac s do get attacked at least mine just did . got an email that google sent to spam but it seemed legit so i clicked to open and avast instantly recognized malware . not sure if it would have affected my mac they are apparently not worth targeting by most nasty people ? but it sure was comforting . just checked my activity monitor and it appears to use just 8 . 8 meg of memory .
i am not a professional videographer or anything , but i like to be able to record gymnastics , dance recitals , etc . and then be able to crop , zoom , add titles , and so on before burning them off to dvds to send to the grandparents . i had been doing this using various free software e . g . , windows movie maker to edit , dvd burning to burn , etc . and thought i would give this a try . this is absolutely a better tool for the job . i was able to figure out how to use it without hitting the help feature once which will get you up to three stars all by itself ! . a beginner should have no problem editing and making movies in no time . everything that i need is all in one product and in reality , it has far more features than i need , but now that i have them , i will figure out a way to put them to use . definitely recommend for the home enthusiast .
i am amazed at what is being bundled into a 80 product these days . i ve used various video products over the years , including pinnacle and a variety of free ones , and based on that experience , really like the interface and ease of use of videostudio pro x8 . the power of videostudio pro x8 is that you can relatively quickly come up to speed there is a learning curve , just to understand the icons and terminology and do basic video manipulation of a camera or phone video . and then , there is a lot of room for growth as your skills and experience expand . videostudio pro x8 also comes with a nice set of images , videos , and sound tracks that you can start with and then expand upon on your own . this makes doing simple things to liven up your video much easier . i am a sporadic user of video software . i will get onto a personal project with family video or something , and will immerse myself into the tool , explorer the capabilities , and then when done , not come back video editing for months . videostudio pro x8 is easy enough to just use , but it takes a bit to get use to the fine details of the interface and knowing how to shortcut the process . my only want here is to take the time to put a little info link i by all the functionality screens and provide a sentence or two of explanation . videostudio pro x8 has more capabilities to it than most people will use . there s an analogy i like to use for products like this . this product is like the microsoft office products word , excel , powerpoint . each of those products are really easy to use and get work down . when most people use the products for work or home typical usage , they are only scratching the surface of what the product is capable of . until you need it , and if you do , its there . seems to me that videostudio pro x8 is the same .
i love corel products and own several . this program has a nice selection of features for the beginner all the way to a more advanced level and should fulfill your video needs for quite a while .
after several attempts to load this on two different computers running windows 8 , i downloaded it off the website with another abort . . so if it is a good program i will never know , 3 hrs is my limit
the product is good , but the customer service from corel is terrible . strongly recommend looking for a different product for your needs . amazon sells many different products to take care of needs . shop around , don t spend your hard earned money on this product . you will need customer service and corel currently policy is focused on sales , not retaining customers .
corel videostudio ultimate x8 was easy to install and stable on my windows 7 laptop . i have never found corel programs to be particularly intuitive or user friendly , and video studio ultimate x8 is no exception to that rule . however , if you re willing to put in the time and effort and work with it , you will probably find yourself pleased and impressed with what you re able to create with it . there are plenty of free tutorials to get you started . if you aspire to get creative with your videos , this package has enough special effects to give your home movies some extra impact . recommended .
corel videostudio ultimate x8 installed on my desktop easily without any issues . it has more options for themes , sound , video add ins compared to other video editing software i have used in the past . im not going into great detail as to what this package will do . the product description covers this very well . what i will tell you is this package works extremely well for me and i ve managed to put together some pretty good looking videos . i use video taken on my canon 5d mark iii . time laps , straight video , and slide shows of my still photographs are just a few of the reasons i use this package . all in all , if you are like me and do some video and mostly still images , this might be the package for you .
i love this cleaner . i use it after i close out my browser . it will destroy the cookies that the websites have place on your computer . it also will clean your registry .
the kindle for pc download may sound like a easy fix for everyone else , but i finally found a computer guy who could make it work for me . now i have all my book wherever i want them , like on this computer .
this app download takes all my kindle files and puts them on my desktop pc . all my books , all of my music .
i use this kindle for pc to read e books on my lap top computer . it works perfectly and the best thing about it is that it is free on www . amazon com
this was very difficult to work with and i deleted it . it s worth the price . that s all .
i ve been a lightroom user since version 2 and never looked back . as a photogapher , lightroom seemed perfect it was light weight , it was fast , and 99 of the time , it had what i needed so there was no need for photoshop . as such , i was happy that they kept the standalone version when they started creative cloud . with version 6 however , i wasn t quite sure whether the upgrade would be worth it . there is face recognition and a few minor additions , but i was thinking of upgrading since the upgrade price is not too bad until i saw that they updated the software and left the updates out of the standalone version and only offered it to their rental version ! see here for the official announcement the addition of dehazing is not exactly earth shattering so it s an update , but they are hiding behind sarbanes oxley and saying that this is a new feature that was not advertised and that s why they re not adding it . i ask you , does this make any sense ? if you get a dozen doughnuts and they give you a 3rd one for free does sox apply ? really ? if you go to get your oil changed and they see your fluids are low and add it for free , are they breaking the law ? i m not talking offering features a few years later , but if you would have bought this last week , you would be out of luck . it s clear that adobe wants to force users to move to cc so they can make a monthly rental fee from you than buying the license . worse yet , they force you to rent both photoshop and lightroom whether you need both or not and pay for both . for those who don t want to pay a rental fee , it appears that the time has come to move on to something else like capture pro . i will hold off this upgrade cycle and move on when it s time . update i did some research on this and apparently adobe s answer to this to hide behind sarbanes oxley , a rule to ensure proper accounting . when challenged , the people who cite this act say i m not an expert , but . . . . well , i m not an expert either , but i do have a background in the corporate world and i challenge adobe to show where it says they re not allowed to give away a feature for free . of course we know that 140 paid is not exactly free , but for the sake of argument .
still getting to know w10 have many reservations re network internet based apps and related privacy issues . but with the exception of office 365 outlook icloud interfacing everything sort of works so it s got a year to prove its self or i may just go buy a mac at last
it s a dvd of win 10 not a lot i can add . if you need win 10 this will do it
i love it too much but i cannot download install to my mac . i wish somebody technician . . help me to download install into my mac . thank you so much , and , if possible , change it to dish w 10 in dish deliver to me . sincerely , ha do ,
great software upgrade and easy to use and install . later qualifies you for upgrade to the latest windows 10 creators home edition . great system and works great ! ! !
i generally like windows 10 but i have to deduct 2 stars for the super annoying and productivity zapping forced restarts which cause me to lose data and waste my time trying to recover . ridiculous .
i sent this back without opening it because i realized that if probably wouldn t fix my laptop which would not boot up . i got my money back . based on other reviews this is probably a good product .
finally they got one right
pleased by the ease of installation , including removal of former antivirus that considerably raised its price and wouldn t stop nagging me to renew . so far no problems , but that s also kind of similar to praising a dinosaur hunter because none have been seen .
i have long been a fan of mcafee . occasionally , i would stray and try another product , but i always come back . my last subscription was for mcafee total protection . aside from the interface , i can t really tell the difference . they both protect unlimited devices . they both track remote lock wipe my phones . neither of them make my system sluggish . total protection doesn t backup to the cloud , but i don t use that . the box came with a code printed on a card and instructions for downloading the product . that s it . mcafee has done a good job of streamlining the process . used to be a big pain to download a new edition of their software . this time , mcafee detected that i had live safe two years ago , so it extended that subscription to expire next year . i downloaded it with total protection still running on my computer . i didn t have to uninstall anything . mcafee automatically took care of it for me . right now , i have live safe on my phone and pc and i will spend the day installing it on everything else . we have three pcs , four laptops , four cell phones , and some tablets . unlimited devices , yeah ! p . s . i recommend what others have done buy last year s model . you still get the latest virus protection for less .
i will never turn back to norton with this product . it offers more and less weight to the system . norton plays games now where you have lost me . i hope they keep this system stable and not rip off the auxiliary programs that i love .
the last time i got the updated mcafee version , it added onto the previous year s subscription . this time , it didn t , so i ended up losing a month of my old subscription because i added this code in early . i guess i could call their service number to fix it , but that s always a pain . it was so cheap anyway . mcafee 2016 already found three viruses on my computer for which i m grateful , but the three stars is for what it did to windows after it told me i needed something like 30 updates for windows . i clicked the box to update everything and then windows ceased to work . i was in the middle of a project . it was stressful trying to restore , because the restore wasn t all that smooth . windows wouldn t let me back in , i couldn t get to the safe mode , etc . finally , i restored and everything is fine , but then mcafee said i needed windows updates . this time , i went to windows to see , and i was completely up to date . i m sure updating windows through mcafee would have put me in the same predicament i was in before . why the discrepancy between the two ? i don t know , but i m going to trust windows on this . update 2 13 14 every time this thing run a scan , my computer slows down to being barely usable .
update i have changed my 5 star review to 1 star after mcafee has forced yahoo to be my default internet search provider . it continually changes it from google to yahoo , every time i try to switch it back . i ve been using mcafee for a couple of years now and have mixed feelings on it . the pro of mcafee is that i haven t gotten a virus . the software has popped up an unsafe warning several times , usually when miskeying a url . so i feel reasonably sure i am protected . i like this package is unlimited , as i have a bunch of computers and other devices . there are a couple of cons however . the first is performance . it downloads updates and scans in the background , when that happens the pc essentially is unusable . luckily this only happens for a minute or two . the second con is that i had an existing copy of this software . if there was an option to enter a new key i couldn t find it , so it forced an uninstall reinstall , which is time consuming . the third con is that box is pretty big for essentially a card with a code and an address on it . my final con is when the license does expire , there will be a bunch of popups from mcafee about renewing . one reminder per session would be plenty . all in all i m happy with mcafee , the performance impacts are a nuisance , but i can live with it .
i like mcafee . it provides great all around protection that doesn t interfere with computer processes and isn t as unsafe as some other product . by interference , i mean it isn t as system heavy as symantec norton and kaspersky . by save , i mean it s not as bare bones as avast nor is it run by intelligence states like kaspersky . it s a nice middle ground software .
if you are already using office 2013 there is not much new and no compelling reasons to upgrade . in fact there s probably more reason not to upgrade , since unlike earlier versions of office , this version replaces 2013 so you cannot install the two versions on the same computer . if you are running older versions of office it might be worth upgrading and you ll be able to install office 2016 along with the old version to easily compare and see the differences for yourself . i thought touch support ink and drawing with finger or pen is new though , dark theme black theme is new which isn t a big leap from dark gray , cloud support were new features but they already existed in office 2013 so the user interface is pretty much identical . the only new features i really noticed was cloud support was a lot more evident and the default place to save your office files since windows 10 does the same thing . it defaults to saving your stuff in the cloud unless you tell it otherwise . this might catch a lot of people by surprise . the 1 new feature i liked is the tell me feature . for people like myself that can never remember under what menu double spacing or some other office command is located you just type what you re looking for in the tell me search box and it will automatically pull up the correct menu for you without having to search the office help ! pretty nifty and very handy if you can t remember where things are or are just new to office . 2 new feature that s you ll probably notice is that smart lookup . select a word in your document and a pane will open with definitions , wiki articles , and top related searches from the web right inside the document saving you from having to switch to a web browser . the rest of the features are minor like better cross platform , cross device support making it easier to move your documents from windows to android and apple devices .
if you are comfortable with office 2013 or office 2010 or even office 2007 and don t need microsoft s touted collaboration features then i can t see any truly compelling reason to recommend this upgrade . in fact , i don t think microsoft really feels any reason to promote this product either . this edition of the 2016 office suite has word , excel , powerpoint , outlook , and onenote , but it doesn t have publisher and access you have to subscribe to office365 to get these . and that s where it seems microsoft really wants to push you . even if you don t find the app differential too big , the number of devices you can install on should point out that annual subscriptions are the future microsoft being only one player of thousands who want to keep their fingers in your wallet . while i understand the benefit of having this product key tied to your microsoft account theoretically allowing you to move office to another computer i have generally preferred tying the installation to a machine . at a philosophical level i find myself strongly resistant to this pull or push to move the nexus of control from the user to the software owner . i get all the anti piracy , eula stuff , but each day makes me feel more like a drone of microsoft or apple , or whomever whatever . i m no longer an independent operator i m some corporation s node . . . . okay , enough editorializing . back to the item at hand . installation was relatively straight forward log in or sign up at the microsoft site , enter the product key , sort through several options , and watch the installation begin . no problem whatsoever . the apps were ready to be used about 10 minutes in , but full installation took about 30 minutes . from then on it s like using office 2013 i m one of those average users who really don t use the collaboration or other behind the scenes features that make office 2016 supposedly better and worth the cash layout . 3 stars . nothing special for me here . don t believe most folks will find anything special here either . i guess if you need office and don t currently have it you could buy this . personally i d buy office 2010 or office 2013 . i also recommend the open source that is , free libreoffice suite and even corel s wordperfect suite . and from a costs features perspective you might find office365 a better deal . in the end i guess it comes down to whether you need to produce a document or spreadsheet or presentation or be connected . i continue to try to resist being connected . your choice may be different . . . .
the software installed without problems on an imac with os 10 . 11 . prior to testing i made sure all the latest updates were installed . each application worked well on my machine with an ssd . on a hard disk the software will take much longer to start up then office 2011 did because of the increased executable size of the software . one thing i noticed is that it is still not possible to import your contacts from mac address book directly into outlook . this is a feature that is sorely needed . another thing i really do not like is that this software will only activate on one computer . all in all though this software worked ok .
it s office . it s microsoft . i need it so i can open files that folks send me . the good excel is still probably the best spreadsheet program out there . outlook is a good email program , if you don t use webmail . the bad powerpoint is crap and keynote is significantly better . pages does everything i need out of a word processor . really don t need word except for opening other people s docs . the ugly microsoft has a tendency of rejiggering their ui and removing functionality for no apparent reason . this upgrade is no different . mostly it s not a big deal , but there are some minor annoyances . the lowdown if you already have office 2011 , i don t see the need to upgrade . if you don t own office . . . if you use spreadsheets a lot and , especially if other people are sending you excel files , you re going to need excel . pages can usually open word docs but it doesn t always keep the formatting , so it s nice to have word . it s not a must have , but it s useful just for that . i personally prefer desktop email programs over webmail and outlooks works well . of course , outlook doesn t support vba macros which would make it much more useful .
i was really looking forward to having a shiny , new , updated office quite for mac , with this version . unfortunately , it is just totally unstable . i have a brand new macbook pro fully updated os and high ram , and the office applications particularly excel , but also word crash on a regular basis , almost always resulting in data loss for me . when running , these apps seem to use up an extremely high amount of system resources and can run very slowly , or result in the rainbow spinny wheel for minutes at a time . wish i could recommend , but i would not rely on these for mission critical tasks , given the instability .
firstly , it should be noted that this software does not list windows 10 compatibility in the listing . however , it is the first piece of software i have had any issues with in windows 10 , including a number of older software packages released long before windows 10 was even released as a developer preview . the first and least significant issue i encountered was that the shortcuts created to open the software were already broken immediately after installing the software . it turned out that they simply didn t capitalize the first letter of the executable file s name , as the file was . simple fix , if you know what you re doing . if you re unfamiliar with computers it may appear as though the software didn t actually get installed . now , onto the more concerning issues . after getting into the software , i was constantly encountering popups warning me that a script had stopped responding . while i will say that everything appeared to be working properly , and all relevant numbers and calculations were being updated whenever i changed an entry , i am concerned that this may not always be the case with so many scripts that stop responding . what if a script is supposed to populate information entered into formulas in order to show critical outputs , but it crashes while it s running ? i wouldn t trust this software to be accurate in windows 10 while i m receiving all of these errors . assuming you are not using windows 10 , or sage creates a fix for this issue , this software is quite powerful and an excellent time saver . i would recommend this for small business accounting , assuming at least one of these conditions are met .
i own a small business and always trying to decrease time spent with productivity . with thus software i do just that . it is easy to use and understand . great software !
this is peachtree accounting renamed as sage . it has some nice features actually nicer than those in quickbooks although the pro version of sage has slightly less functionality than quickbooks . much of this has to be renewed by subscription each year . if you do not need to do inventory tracking then the pro package is cheaper than the premium package . i guess most small businesses can live with the limitation to a single user .
i received this product to test and review . i was very excited to try sage 50 peachtree but quickly discovered that this had limited use for me because it is not windows 10 compatible and i already purchased a new computer and upgraded to windows 10 this year . disappointing because this is the 2016 version of sage 50 and thought they would have addressed the windows 10 issue . . however , i installed it on an old laptop and thus i have some very limited things to say about this software 1 . easy to install regardless if it s a single laptop or network 2 . interface is very clean and easy to use though in my opnion , it is geared toward those with accounting experience background
i ve been using small business accounting software for almost thirty years . this software works well enough and is usually quite speedy . sometimes it does bog down a bit , though not predictably so . over all i m pretty happy with this new 2016 version . i cannot address some of the one star complaints , as i don t have the depth of understanding about this new version yet . it seems to be a good software that offers everything that i expect . i see no reason not to recommend it . it s working well for me so far .
awful . . . glad to be done with this . all the time i was getting warnings about malicious threats from kaspersky , only to find out that it could not block or eliminate the malicious threat . it s kind of like hiring a policeman who let s all the criminals go by but tells you about all the criminal activity . worthless ! not to mention , kaspersky is a russian company and i frankly don t trust russia and especially putin . remember all american and foreign reporters were spied on during the winter olympics in russia , phone calls bugged , internet hacked , etc . i simply do not trust a company run by a mobster and thug .
i ve used paintshop for years . this is a speedy addition to the long line of predecessors . it s extremely quick , which really is a nice change recent models have been faster , but i m still flinching from the paintshop versions of yore that made you feel like you were watching paint dry , waiting for them to load . this version , though , does have more than a bit of a learning curve , even for people who have used the product before . it s definitely high end for getting results from your photo manipulation . i haven t spent as much time on this as i should , but because i m familiar with the company s software , it s not completely unfamiliar . i also think the price is decent for the level of sophistication . this is a very nice set up . just understand you have to put the time in to learn how to use it , especially if this is software that s entirely new to you .
i m surprised at how much i like this program . having tried quite literally dozens of paint and photo programs since the early 80s , including , of course , photoshop in half a dozen different iterations , the one drawback i ve found with most of them is that they either deliver functionality or they re easy to use . corel painter 2016 is a remarkably functional program with an easy learning curve . or at least i ve found it so . within a few minutes of booting it up for the first time , i produced the quick cat sketch below . it took me no more than about ten minutes to figure out how to use various brushes to good effect . using the dynamic speckles and various particle brushes was a little more difficult , but i got a handle on them pretty quickly and produced the landscape below in about half an hour . yes , i know both images are rough they aren t intended to be finished products , just examples of what you can do if you re willing to play a bit and explore the various controls . only occasionally did i end up yelling at the program for some non intuitive method of working that temporarily stumped me . yes , i do yell at programs . it helps . of course it helps that so much of the functionality adheres to photoshop standards . much of painter should feel familiar to you . look , everyone who uses this is going to have a different response to this program based on their experience with other image programs . since this is a chunk of change , i would say go to the corel website and download the trial version before you lay out any money . try painter essentials another program i like as well as painter . play with them and see how they feel . it doesn t matter how much functionality a program has if it feels clunky and awkward to you . if you do like the feel of it , as i do , then i really recommend that you take the financial hit and buy painter . essentials is good , but not nearly as good as the full version . and have some fun ! that s what this is about . you re getting this program to help you express yourself . if it s not fun , why bother doing it ? and if you do use it , why not post a review with some of your work ?
i have been using psp for years and am currently running x8 ultimate . i mainly use it for touching up old photos from ancestry , historic newspaper sites , and other sources of genealogy images . the difference between psp and psp ultimate is that ultimate includes some third party software , often plugins . i just want to point out a few things about plugins . like me , many people have several versions of ultimate . the add ons normally will not install unless that version of ultimate is on the pc , i . e . , if you want to install a plugin that came with x5 you must have x5 installed or the plugin installer won t run . however , once a plugin is installed it can be copied to other psp versions and it will work even if you don t have the original psp version and even if you don t install the plugin . for example install x5 . install x5 add on plugin . copy plugin to a temp folder . uninstall x5 . a year later , after you install x7 , just copy the plugin from the temp folder to x7 s plugins folder . it will work even though you never ran the plugin s install program with x7 installed . also , smart photo editor , a program with thousands of user created effects , says spe studio version will work as a photoshop or photoshop elements plugin but doesn t say it will work with psp . if you have ps pe , after you run the installer just copy the plugin from the ps pe folder to psp s plugins folder and it will work . if you don t have ps pe , run the photoshopplugininstaller . exe utility separately and pick other compatible program and give it a target folder such as c \temp . it will put the plugin there . then just move it to psp s folder . the plugin won t work until you register spe and put in the activation code .
this alternative to the uber expensive photoshop is packed with features , and easy for even a novice to use . first , a couple of installations tips . 1 . your windows user account needs to be an administrator account . if you regularly install programs without trouble , you log in is probably an administrator level . 2 . the box contains two disks . turn the cd envelopes over , and install the one that says paintshop pro x8 ultimate first . the second disk is addons . the program is very user friendly , and has a learning center window with a lot of helpful tips and how to s to get you started . the auto effects and enhance features work well for simple touch ups yet it is still packed with features for advanced users . i love the layout of the work space . one of my favorite features is the side by side preview so you can see your photo as original and after effects for applying the effects . i have an older 32 bit windows 7 machine originally xp , upgraded to 7 so it s about 8 years old and even with that the program installed quickly and runs decently . i have not had any stability issues , and for the most part it is fairly fast . some of the effects are a bit slower , but for an older computer i expect that . there is a lot to this program that i have not even used yet , so it gives me plenty of room to learn and experiment .
i m just going to go right ahead and say it . . . i don t really understand how the interface is supposed to work . apparently you can only switch between workspaces if you ve saved your document first , or whatever you ve got loaded goes away ? or is it the workspace itself you re supposed to save ? needless to say , this is a bit of a problem for this review . that said , this is still a pretty good program once you figure out exactly what s going on . the interface is similar to photoshop elements , with manage , adjust , and edit workspaces that you can somehow switch between . as it happens , i generally prefer to use gimp , and paintshop compares pretty favorably to that too . there s plenty of tools anything you need to do can probably be done here in adjust mode , you get a pile of filters and tweaks iphoto style , while in edit mode you get a full photo paint interface , with a huge selection of filters and photoshop style layers . basically , it s pretty much everything you might be looking for . as for the ancillary programs , i haven t really looked at them . this is a pretty versatile program , and quite a bargain to boot . however , getting up and running in it is likely to take a while , stumbling through menus and preference panes to figure out exactly what s going on before you get your workflow going . this isn t a huge liability , but it s definitely a pain if you re , say , a reviewer with a limited period of time to learn your way through . i ll stick with gimp , but if you re patient enough to figure it out you can t really go wrong with this .
my bottom line on this program is that is a winner when it comes to the average person needing to edit images . it is more affordable than photoshop elements , and much , much more affordable than full power photoshop . i understand that photoshop is the standard , but paintshop pro is pretty doggone powerful , and it s less money . my install of this program onto a 64bit machine , running windows 7 professional was smooth and without any headaches . the interface is pretty consistent with previous versions , this version is no real overhaul , but an enhancement . the learning curve is also easier that stepping up to photoshop . one final thought , unlike photoshop , when you buy this , it s yours . adobe s increasing byzantine security and connectivity demands and expensive upgrades are a burden unless you are a professional and you can write the cost . if you are looking for a in home program , buy this instead .
i love this software program it s easy to use their are a few ads but they don t get in the way of your typing , this program will build up your speed and skills as as a typist , it works on your focus . plus the paid version is less than 15 , most typing programs cost more than 25 and are not as good . i know i have some of the best rated ones out there , however this free program is great if you want to learn to type the right way , it will catch you up to speed quick ! dig in and enjoy ! thanks typing master
been using this excellent product for years don t ever try and do income taxes without it .
i have been using this for two weeks and have encountered no problems . the only difference i have noted from 2015 is the length of time for updating takes a little longer . i just go get a cup of coffee .
not ready yet . i like the look and quick downloading of transactions , but some basic functionality is missing . for example quicken 2016 decided that my checking account was a brokerage account probably based on the financial institution . . . and there s no way for me to change that . why not ? how could they miss a simply option of editing the account type ? i get a dozen options like 401k , but can t change it to checking . as a result , i get useless options buy sell stocks and miss critical ones like transferring money . i still use ace money , which has great functionality but looks like it s from the 1908s . but at least i can decide whether an account is checking or brokerage . . . so i m returning quicken for a refund .
norton has almost always been my favorite security program . i began using it in 1990 when it was norton commander a menu system for dos and stuck with it through almost all its incarnations . at some point , maybe seven or eight years ago , it became bloated and i began using free products , which worked fine without slowing the computer to a crawl but i missed the full scans and features in norton that i always found so trustworthy . six years ago , i switched to a mac and didn t go back to norton . i used nothing for a while since macs are less likely to be hacked , but that made me very nervous . i installed the free version of avast and used it until a mac savvy friend who was trying to speed my old mac back up told me i really needed norton for mac . indeed there was a disk filling virus in that machine that only norton was able to catch avast was unaware of it . he told me to run full scans regularly not just the quickies and i did that , too . when i got a new mac earlier this year , my norton was expiring so i went back to avast for a while . it s good it caught a virus , in fact , and does a lot of what norton does but it slows the computer considerably . now i have norton in my new mac and things are running very smoothly . the days of bloat are gone . norton runs fast and clean and even the in depth scans don t take too long or slow the machine perceptibly . if you need to protect more than one device , get a version that covers multiple devices it will be a lot cheaper . if , like me , you only protect one computer , this one is perfect .
norton has been around for decades ever since peter norton wrote the norton utilities . i have used norton security before but took a brief vacation from norton to try mcafee . bad idea ! mcafee is a pain to live with and the screens that keep popping up are very annoying . it also seems to slow down your computer until it is like swimming through molasses . back to norton , this is pretty much the same old product . far less obtrusive . does the job and regularly updates itself automatically . one point this is for a single computer . if you have multiple computers or phones that you want to cover you should be aware that there are versions that cover 5 or 10 devices and that may be more economical for you .
in the past i got a new pc and it came with a few weeks free of mcafee antivirus plus at a discount price . i am a norton guy on all my personal pcs . most of my work environments in the past have been mcafee because it is cheaper . it was dog slow in the past , but i figured they would have got it right by now . wrong . i was constantly turning off the active scan to speed up compiling and transferring files . i just got a cloud book with mcafee on it a few weeks ago . i had to take it off . this norton package will be going on it . the product touted this version of mcafee internet security was developed specifically to work with your dell pc for maximum security , speed and seamless operation . what a load of crap that turned out to be . after my third virus , the happily re director being the last , i uninstalled mcafee , bought and downloaded norton . virus gone and pc is running fast again . never again will i get suckered into mcafee ! ! ! i tried microsoft s free microsoft security essentials antivirus software , but i ran into performance problems . it made the system hang while it updated . norton runs light on the system it is not a resource hog and has always come through when my boxes come under attack . the price for 1 license in a bit high . that is the reason for the 1 star ding . norton is easy to install and configure . the help docs are great . i had to punch a hole in the firewall to remote to my server from my iphone and had it done in 2 minutes . buying this software could save you hours of headaches trying to get your infected box back . i have had to wipeout friend s hard drives because their systems were so infected . i am not using the mac or iphone products . i am using it on windows 7 and windows 10 a lot of people respond to my anti virus reviews with comments about going with free open source options . the companies i deal with do not allow me to connect to their networks without a commercial brand .
been using mcafee for more than a decade . i don t remember when i started . short side trip to norton memory cpu hog forced me back to mcafee in short order . it has never failed to block trojans , embedded malware in programs , email delivered viral attempts , risky connections , etc . however , i had to call cs for installation on my cells . didn t trust myself installing on my cells . good verbal guidance and written instructions were sent to me and resultant protection now resides on all my devices for one low price . there is no better protection on the market in my opinion . you can t go wrong with mcafee ,
this is the best virus software . i have tried a lot and i always go back to 360
made in china , stay away !
eats up cpu time , and slows the computer to a crawl .
i have been using norton s anti virus programs for years . i have found , as i reach the end of my subscription period , that i can obtain a better price by going to amazon and ordering the new subscription , than by renewing directly with norton . saves me 20 30 per year .
this software never worked . it said this product has invalid region and can not be installed . symantec recomended to purchase directly from them , and not from amazon .
i ve been using norton for many years and find it to be a great product at a great value , especially the 10 device premium product .
had no major issues with the software . was able to use it on several devices , a couple computers , laptop and cell phone . i would recommend norton . i like to fact that besides antivirus , it also comes with antispam and antimalware .
i needed to make a basic , simple will i have no children . i also wanted to make a simple health care directive , after seeing a loved one suffer for a very long time , with no guiding document to advise his family members about his wishes . i figure it s never the ones with a will and healthcare directive who actually need them earlier than expected , so i m viewing it as a good luck charm haha . the real advantage of this software , however , was in getting my parents to use it as well . their last one paragraph will was written before i was born . . . and i m in my 40s ! they now have grandchildren via my brother , who could not be included in the old will , which only mentioned their own current and future children . in fact , if my brother happened to predecease or die at the same time as both of my parents , his children and widow would receive nothing at all from their estate , except , of course , voluntarily from me . this is not a crazy notion , of course , when you consider events such as accidents . anyway , the benefit of this software for me was mainly that i could use and then give the software to my parents who also used it . they never would have bought it on their own , but it would seem like a waste to not use it if it was just handed to them . . . so the long time issue of them not having a current will has now been resolved . anyway , the software was very easy to use , even for my tech not so savvy parents in their 70s . i thought it was very clear . it had a lot of options for documents i didn t need , but the ones i did were very easy to access . i m not terribly concerned about the fact that the laws the software is based on can change and won t be updated for longer than one year my will is so simple that there is no real concern that anything could change its effects or alter its intentions significantly . and of course , a slightly outdated will is infinitely better than one at all . . . just a good thing to have crossed off the to do list !
this is a simple , step by step program that allows to build a basic last will and testament . when i mean basic , it allows to cover the steps that you need to think through , in general , with regard to basic statements , basic building steps , correct wording and bequests . and for most people , this is sufficient . the interface is super easy to navigate , and it produces a clean basic will . the advance directives , power of attorney documents are also easy to navigate , complete and print . what this doesn t have that i could find was a way to recognize living members of your immediate family to stave off court challenges from relatives that felt that they had been slighted because that kind of thing can and does happen . i also liked that there is also a proviso for your electronic accounts and files . most people think of things or money amounts when it comes to bequests , but seldom do we think of who gets our electronic files , digital pictures and the like . this also includes a schedule of electronic subscriptions , apps , emails , credit accounts , online banking , etc . and so on . however , this program is not an easy bypass for wills that are overtly complicated and involve legal maneuvering outside of basic bequests . so if your estate planning does involve advance tax planning for heirs , etc . you will need to work with a licensed , qualified probate attorney .
this is the third version of this software that i ve used . quicken willmaker keeps getting better and better . i like to keep my will and legal documents up to date to reflect changes in my life s circumstances . it s really important to do this , and that can t be overstated . for my needs this software covers all areas and more . what s so nice about it is the fact that you re walked through each and every step through a series of comprehensive questions that cover just about everything you can think of . this is important and is worth spending the time it takes to go through all the documents that you ll find contained within this software . we re all living on borrowed time , so having our affairs in order makes things easier for those who ll be left behind when we pass . being able to clearly outline my legal wishes dealing with my affairs , knowing that these circumstances can be an emotional burden for others not prepared to make decisions on my behalf , so that they don t have to gives me peace of mind . this software covers a will , as well as power of attorney , advanced directives , and a host of others , and one of the most important of these is our complicated online lives . there are questions to prompt the user to document usernames and passwords for a host of very important areas of our digital world that we now have to deal with on an almost daily basis . leaving that information behind for others is extremely important and i m glad it s covered in considerable detail here . also touch upon with this software is the importance of securing our information while we re sill alive and breathing . nice to know that qucken willmaker is aware of this and deals with it . i ve recommended this software to several friends and will continue to do so . for average folks such as myself , this software gets the job done .
i am getting up there in years , and it s about time i did a will . also being alone , i need to be sure to have a health care directive , durable power of attorney assigned and my final arrangements requests done . the quicken willmaker plus 2016 is an excellent program chock full of information and assistance to guide you through the processes and questions you will need to answer . yes , you probably will have to go see a lawyer to make sure the will and other documents are legally good , but this will save money since you can do it easily and take your time , just paying a lawyer to check it for glaring errors . it comes with a book of all those questions you probably have pertaining to making a will , and let s face it , it isn t the most fun thing to think about . the willmaker plus does a good job of just getting the work done in a very succinct way . of course , you can always change things , just as you can any will . which is why it is very easy to go back and change things after you finalized your papers . overall , i really think this is an excellent product , saving time and money that you would pay a lawyer . nolo is the best for legal programs , very trusted . five stars !
this is probably a product every mac user will need to get to fix the feature gaps in apple s own versions of similar software if you can really compare them . it is the buy once alternative to office 365 , and you have to decide whether to choose the office 365 which includes outlook annual subscription for multiple devices or this version for just one device . 365 also includes free support and skype , which 2016 doesn t . oddly enough , although the ribbon is closer to the windows version which has also been tweaked and streamlined , office has also adopted a mac look a task pane for certain functions such as styles , resizing , manipulating graphics , animations powerpoint , and formulas excel . some gestures such as pinch zoom are also supported . you also get threaded comments in word and powerpoint , and co editing features which allow several people to edit at the same time , alerting you to changes and conflicts not real time until they save , however . a document navigation pane provides easier , well , navigation , through page thumbnails . excel s new analysis toolpak gives you advanced statistical functions . powerpoint provides a presenter view that lets you control your presentation from a different screen . you can also set up a presenter window to show notes , the next slide , or an overview of where you are . the ctrl key now also works instead of the command key . unfortunately you are limited to onedrive for cloud storage no icloud support . however , office 2016 includes 15 gb of onedrive , versus 365 s 1 tb user . unlike the windows version , you can t import pdf files . i miss the back arrow button that windows has instead , you have the mac style menu at the top , which is hard to keep mousing to , unlike the windows version which has it attached to the window . this is a pet peeve which applies to the overall mac os . some previous features are gone , such as being able to save a ppt as a movie . another problem was some occasional slowdown hanging after pressing the save shortcut . however , no matter the problem areas , this is an office suite you will most probably want to get or its alternative 365 version .
i have a hard time understanding some of these negative reviews for this product . it was easy to load and super easy to use . quality download of office and i could not be happier .
product arrived on time with no issues . nothing to complain about so deserves 5 stars
does what it says means one payment rather than annual subscription
not a fake copy love this
i have struggled to understand the changes to this software , and its incompatibility with my existing office 2007 products . excel is difficult to use due to unnecessary changes in the look of the pages , some unnecessary product changes and a plethora of errors that lock up my computer . one note is not a program i would choose to use . there are many ways to track and update your items without using this software . why make it an integral part of a suite ? the power point is difficult to maneuver , the look has changed so completely that it s like learning it all over again . why is that necessary ? word is pretty much the same thing the look , feel and maneuverability of the product is totally different . i can see adding new features , but why keep changing things around and losing things that worked ? microsoft needs to learn if it works , don t fix it . . . i ll stick with office 2007 until they come up with the same format and new features that work .
i don t understand the negative reviews . perhaps that s because i ve gotten used to the keycard approach as a user of office for the mac , but it couldn t be simpler . yes , you need to set up a microsoft account . yes , you have to download the software . yes , it s a big file , but virtually everyone has access to a network that can do the job in relatively short order . once you do that , installation and set up are a breeze . not as easy as with a mac , of course , but what is ? in any event , these are the best versions of microsoft office to date , and are genuinely a pleasure to use on both platforms . i use them , now , on both the pc and the mac and they are completely compatible for cloud storage and collaboration . you get the works , too . word , excel , powerpoint and outlook . yes , they are still a bit bloated with many features that most people including me will never use , but now they are so elegant in operation that the bloat never gets in the way of what you do need to use . nice product , microsoft !
out the box 1 installation disc w product key 1 extras disc instruction manual 1 free cyberlink cloud services sheet w other free apps like youcam perfect , youcam makeup , photo director mobile free and pay and power director mobile i have window 10 installed on the system that i installed this software on . at first it seemed like the installation process would take less than five minutes . i went to start a load of laundry , and when i came back the process percentage was 99 . it stayed there for a long time . went to fold a load of laundry , came back and the power director was done installing , so i started the install of the content pack . currently , i use adobe products , for video premier . anyone who uses or has tried to use adobe products know that there is a huge learning curve . none the less , i love them and would never give them up . however , after recently making an instruction video , i realized my knowledge base for what i was trying to do , was much too short for what i needed and when i needed it . i had used powerdirector prior to adobe . i want to say it was version 10 , but not positive . i decided to try this software to see if i could use it for those times when time is not on my side and i cannot cater to my learning curve and produce videos fast . as i said above , i ve previously used a different version of this product in the past , so a lot of it looks familiar . so far no compatibility issues and i was able to make a simple teaching video using a few of the features like transitions . it seemed simple enough . i will be using it this weekend for a more difficult video and i will be utilizing more of the features . i like the fact that you get 20g of cloud space , but we all know that 20g is not a whole lot when it comes to video files . there is a quick editor and a full feature editor option . i will update this review after i produce the more difficult project this weekend .
i ve used and liked cyberlink for years now , upgraded right ! ! to this . . . powerdirectorcontentpack 150527 contentpack essential pcp150526 06 . exe is corrupt , please download another copy , etc . i installed without the content packs on my main machine , so i figured i d just copy the offending file from that install , be fine . not . also corrupt , so i waited through another download , ran it , corrupt again . got on line hoping against hope that the company had a hotfix with just this file , not to be . now i see all kinds of people having the same issue , and been going on for a while . i don t know what it takes to get the company to not just listen , but fix the issue . i m far from a beginner at this so i ll keep trying , and will escalate as need be and update this review with any progress , but i m not hopeful .
this has been running quite smoothly for me on an acer switch 12 running windows 8 . 1 with a touchscreen monitor . installation was easy , though i did it by sharing a cd drive , i had not realized that i could just download the program from the site for my tablet laptop that didn t have a cd drive . if you don t have a cd drive , just go to the cyberlink website and download the program , then use the serial number that comes with the package . the interface reminds me a good bit of corel videostudio pro x8 . it s very intuitive . i m afraid if my son finds out how good the screen capture is , that my computer will be filled with gaming videos . you can turn off voice over , or use it , so i think this will be popular with twitch users . you can record all or part of your screen . it detects other media attached to your computer as well , so if you have a web camera , it will detect that and it makes it very easy to record from . the auto detect worked great for me . other than that , it has fairly powerful editing features that are straightforward to use . it comes with 20 gigs of cloud storage for 1 year . for beginners , and those of us often in a hurry , there s express projects which comes with templates that you can just plug your own pictures , text and clips into . it comes with quite a few , and there are more available for download on the website . included are lots of backgrounds , background music , and other media files .
this is a very good video editing package . in the past i ve only used corel video editing products but cyberlink s offering is on par . it offers similar options but they are different enough for me to want to use both products depending on what i m trying to achieve . there are quick uploading options that make it very easy to get video onto youtube and other online video sites .
my husband love to shoot video then he turns to me hoping for me to make magic with it . for years i ve used adobe premiere elements . however it always seemed more trouble than it was worth however i really loved all the features but probably only used a small percentage of them . with this product i was impressed from the start . i love the fact that i can float the main video window off to a second screen leaving more editing space . the tabs and menus are easy to navigate . i also like that for editing there is a lower quality copy that does not effect the quality for the final product but does not bog down the editing process with large files . so far impressed easy to navigate program runs smoothly with not lots of thinking time ie the program does not run slow even when working with high quality video
powerdirector 14 is the first version that i ve seen of this product and initially its extremely intimidating . after shooting 3 hours of hd video during a family wedding , i wanted to put together a decent disc as a gift to the bridge and groom . there are a ton of products on the market , but this suite and its companion website community is significant . i started with the avchd formatted video extracted from the minidv tapes and didn t know how to use the interface and tools . opening the help system takes you to the web based manual and instruction system , but i wanted more of a personable approach to the tools . thankfully cyberlink has a significant amount of how to on bing video and youtube . after an hour of watching the educational videos , i was clipping my raw video into sections , using the wedding express project to begin my menu and transitions . by far this isn t a difficult tool to use , but its massive . only by reading the manuals or by online videos will i even know all of the features and options for setting up my video , and i m duly impressed with the amount of options installed by default and custom and user shared content and objects on their powerdirector community website . i ll probably have 10 hours into this wedding video by the time of this review and i m tempted to hold off on the final cut until i watch a few more use videos to ensure i didn t miss anything . of the features , cleaning up the video and stablizing the video added the most value to the non tripod video that i used as source . while my sony cam has great color , my lighting wasn t always ideal , and the brightness levels of some dark shots was easy to lighten to get a better view inside the reception hall . transitions and animations were outstanding . for those that are looking for a full featured video editing and compositing solution , this seems to cover everything that an amateur would want . for those worried about system specifications , my system is a windows 10 4th gen i7 with 16gb of memory using ssd storage for editing . my graphics card is an nvidia 860 based gpu and i didn t have any issues in editing a 20gb m2t avchd source file and all transitions . i m encouraged to get a nicer gopro or handycam to continue with sports video of my kids . . . my next project will be taking video clips from my canon rebel t2i and samsung s6 from this summer into a compilation video . warning .
cyberlink is a stalwart in the video software providers . power dvd is among the best players around . power director 14 is a good basic editing software . just make sure your computer has enough power under the hood to run it . i ran it on windows 10 via boot camp on an imac with no problems . power director 14 is an improvement over previous editions . there is some bonus software you can download once you registered the product .
powerdirector 14 ultra is a powerful editor for the price . . . as implied by the name . i made light usage of video editors over the years , and each time i start using a new product there is quite a bit of a learning curve for me . . . remembering terms , figuring out the navigation approach , and so on . that is no different with the powerdirector product . once it clicks that just under the top menus , the capture edit produce create disc are the main navigation points , then the rest starts to flow into place . this is not exactly intuitive given the color schemes on the full screen editor . one thing i particularly do not like is that if i accidentally click on capture , i am stuck in a 30 second waiting loop while the system detects devices . cyberlink does a good job of providing most of the icons with mouse over descriptions . especially helpful while learning all of the different symbols . i tested this software with a current project of editing some old silent 8mm family films that were captured to dvd in a horrendous menu . the biggest challenge with a product like powerdirector is learning the basics . i know something can be done , but am not sure the steps to take to do this . add the challenge of mental focus as well . . . while i m discovering how to export to file or create a menu , i am seeing all these other things that i wonder what they are and then . . . boom . . . down another rabbit hole i go . while i could figure out how to do things , it took some poking and prodding to figure things out . i would call the user interface nice , but not stunning . i could find things , but they didn t always leap out at me , or certain functions didn t activate to be visual until clicking on a track and so on . powerdirector provides a lot of tools and features very nice feature i haven t even scratched the surface of . one feature i was very appreciative of was the fix enhance feature , under that i used the video stabilize to help smooth out some hand held jittery videos . i expect over time i will discover more amazing features as needs arrive . overall , this is a very solid and powerful product that i am happy to own . when small projects pop up i will not be scrounging around for a video tool .
only found my logitech camera . . . . and unable to find any other cameras . it had so many unknown camera s listed but not what i have which are of the more popular brand such as amcrest . i don t need this program for logitech so i gave it a low value for the money .
not worth the purchase . good thing i got it for free .
great product , works perfectly and installation was easy and a great price . delighted with purchase !
it s an all or nothing install . you can t change the install path if you want to partition your drive or use a ssd in combination with a hard disk ssd for os hard disk for apps . very resource heavy , uses about 3 gigs of disk space for an install . plus they jacked the price up by 5 to 10 over 2013 . stick with 2013 until they get this one together or just skip it .
this is a real copy not a fake
getting this installed via amazon was a major headache because their invoice provided the wrong information . what was listed as the product key was actually a redemption key which is used to get the product key . i had to go through microsoft s tech support to get my software installed which took nearly two hours to accomplish . i was not happy and will never purchase microsoft software from amazon again . i was moving up to office 2016 from office 2007 so it is a major change for me . one thing i ve noticed is that my old office 2007 applications can still be used even after installing office 2016 . outlook 2007 is the only application that didn t work and had to be uninstalled . this was a plus for me because i don t have the money to shell out for the full office and i can still use access 2007 without problems . the only problem i had was word 2016 couldn t handle one of my custom macros and my quick access toolbars qat s had to be recreated . i use the qat s so i don t have to search through the ribbon to find something . i also haven t found a way to tag documents that have been opened like i could in the 2007 .
we found that it had a lot of difficulty understanding us and we don t have that much of an accent ! many of the words we found we were having to correct manually , and it seemed that it was a constant struggle to get it to perform at the same level we were used to with the pc version . after a while , we just gave up on this particular package . we still love and use our windows based version of dragon , but the mac version has quite a ways to go i think before it will be an equal player .
if version 4 was 3 stars , version 5 would deserve none . there is no way to correct your mistakes . it simply does not select dictated text to provide correction options and to learn from the mistakes . that simple . it really does not do a bad job at speech recognition itself and the provided vocabulary is of a really high quality . however , its usability sucks big time because of its poor interface and usability issues . it has tremendous potential otherwise . maybe the developers will get a clue by trying to use the software themselves . if you would be happy to just dictate , ignore all of your mistakes and correct them at the end , then the current incarnation might serve you well version 5 . 0 . 04 , build 16361 . however , detecting the mistakes will not always be easy spell checkers will not detect correctly spelled nonsense .
wow , some serious mixed reviews . . . . i am not a pro at this software , but have spent a few days with it . . . and , i like it , but don t love it yet . what i am amazed about , is how good my phone voice recognition works , but yet , these software programs are way more sophisticated , but yet , not as accurate . however , the first think i did was . . . i upgraded my microfphone to a decent external mic , and this improved errors a lot ! then , i experimented with how i speak into the mic . . . distance to the mic , speed of speech , annunciation , etc . you have to speak very clearly , precisely , and not too fast . i think with time , i will get better . . . but i can understand some of the neg reviews , as many phones have such good voice recognition . . . so u would expect a product dedicated to that task would be even better . . . i also think the type of english you speak matters . . . slang , accents , speed would prob . effect the outcome dramatically . i would say , most of the errors are sensible errors , i . e . i understand why they occurred . but , it is annoying having to correct the type often . like any new tool , it takes time to master it , so i felt my rating was fair for a newb . . . its not perfect plug n play , but if you type all day , and can make this work , its well worth the investment . i hope to perfect this more and more , as i am tired of typing all day . . . will try to update in due time . . .
the deals that include 5 or 10 computers or devices are a much cheaper and wiser buy . norton s policy for when you buy a multi device product is that the subscription time for all devices whether you installed or activated it in another device or not begins to count on the day the first one is activated . so time runs out on all available subscriptions at the same time and not by the date on which you install it on another device . unfortunately , i already have all my other devices covered with one of those and had one solitary laptop that needed protection so i had to go with this one .
the product does as expected however when a software company gets involved in politics and does not support a constitutional amendment i will not buy again .
easy installation , so far on 3 of 5 devices . norton does a good job of keeping current , so i expect the same good performance from this copy as i had from last year s copy . the pc overhead is fairly low both in cpu and memory usage .
doesn t matter how far away your family is some 2 hrs . away this is a great buy for home and college students . or a great gift for the grown up kids just getting started on their own .
i have used norton products for two decades , and it has protected me well . it s cheaper to buy norton security from amazon every year than it is to renew it from norton at list price .
this has been my go to security package for years . better each year . you may want to opt for the version that provides backup in the cloud . i use the win10 backup to a dedicated external hard drive . a network drive will work as well . recommended .
i do a lot of online shopping and my identity was breached several times in 2014 and 2015 when there was a major breach in several big box stores i happened to have shopped online and in person at the very specific time dates . my credit card info was stolen and long story short i had to file a police report and a long process of disputing . never again . you can add this to 2 devices including your smart phone and i haven t taken full advantage .
pretty decent security , has more features than i hope i ever need . the only complaint i have is for some reason this june norton added some features i don t plan on using with annoying popups reminding you it is there . you just have to click on the don t ask me again option , but i would rather not be bothered to decline features that i didn t want to begin with . i hate popups , i don t want my security software to come with them .
i have used norton for years , recently norton 365 . now it is upgraded to norton security deluxe . i have 5 devices tablet , 2 phones , and 2 computers . i feel safer using this product on my devices . the only regret i have was that i didn t opt to by the 10 device package that includes cloud storage . i highly recomment this product .
i m a security software tech read an independent avcomparitives review that eset av doesn t protect from ransomeware very buggy too ! , and gave norton security premium a 6 month try ? every time you make a program change , it updates the backup database . . . even with backup disabled i could hear my 10k rpm wd velociraptor hd thrashing . it also didn t support my opera browser , and i had to try chrome yuck ! . i don t like their forced on you password manager i use lastpass free . you have to keep rebooting . . . , or virus definitions don t update same with eset ! btw if you decide to uninstall nis . . . , you will be stuck with their password manager unless ! uninstall in safe mode no internet , from the start menu , right click on uninstall elevated run as admin . . . this gets rid of drivers . . . too ! . btw2 i have pretty fast 60mbps internet , and now have inexpensive webroot secureanywhere av boxed version key code . . . , or you get auto buy . it s in the cloud internet , no user ever infected with ransomeware , site advisor for opera too forum for procedure , instantly protected from new threats , and 36sec daily virus keylogger scans 32gig win7 pro .
the download process was as flawless as possible . the ability to send an email to download on other devices was perfect . the protections offered worked first time and continues . a small footprint and nimble execution only adds to my joy . i would buy this product again .
requires you to create an account with norton . well , apparently i already have one with my email address . so i ask the system to send me a password reset . three requests and i have yet to see a password reset email , that s supposed to come instantly . just let me download the darn software and install it on my computer . i do not feel i should have to sign up for your biker gang just to get my freakin software !
now , this is somewhere between novice and intermediate skill level . even though i have been using this and many other comparable this program for years and years , i can still put myself into a newbie s shoes and see how intuitive and exciting this would be . i cannot even find areas that could be frustrating or a mystery . this software is extremely forgiving and very welcoming to all of all skill levels . and , it has so many playful options , that it is perfect for teens in encouraging creativity . as a professor of film , i use this and powerdirector to create lessons in color theory , framing , etc . it is exactly what i need . i think this may apply to many other teachers professors of the arts . this is perfect for teens , those in the teaching field . . . and even those just wanting to add a creative flair to their pictures ! i have encountered no glitches , bugs , or any other issues . if i do , i will post an update here . highly recommended for all !
we re only a few days into this an we have picked up a few catch phrases already . it s also neat because it has a level 1 companion app that you can take with you . it has 3 levels , from beginner to intermediate . it comes with 1 software dvd program and 1 interactive dvd . my favorite is the cd that contains 10 hours of audio listening , so i can drive while learning . it has a computer called who is oscar lake a pocket phrase guide . level 1 starts off with vocabulary , level 2 expands to the complex phrase and conjugations of the verbs pronunciations , level 3 gives you some advanced dialogue and conversation . i like everything that comes with this package . our family will definitely benefit from it . worth the money if you d like to expand your knowledge of the spanish language .
<a data hook product link linked class a link normal href convert media files mpeg avi divx wmv wma wav mov mp4 dvr ms asf vob mp3 wav download dp b015oy6wks ref cm cr arp d rvw txt ? ie utf8 >convert media files mpeg , avi , divx , wmv , wma , wav , mov , mp4 , dvr ms , asf , vob , mp3 , wav download< a>
this product will let you import many different video formats , track objects in your video with text attached , stabilize the image , add effects , optimize your image , and optimize the sound . it is easy to use for beginners , yet sophisticated for more advanced users . you can also download the software to your 64 bit windows windows system if you do not have a dvd drive . if you are going to do 4k hd video editing , then the recommended hardware is quad core and 8 gb of ram
this new upgrade of magix movie edit software is the plus version with the most extensive features they offer with their editing suite . this is the version that comes with an installation disc although you can also obtain an online download installation of the program . this package offers a full range of tools for professional quality video editing . the interface is pretty user friendly and you will be able to quickly learn the workings of this program , including exploring some of the more advanced editing features . just be sure to have a strong processor , lots of ram , and plenty of disk space when working with this if you don t then the program will crawl or freeze up your system . this program is of similar quality and scope to other popular video editing applications , and you may find it a bit easier to work with than some other programs . overall i have to say this is a good value .
pinnacle studio 19 plus is good mid level video editing software . its price point and functionality are targeted towards the beginner intermediate editor , and it works reliably , has powerful editing capabilities , and import export functionality . i run it on a windows 10 computer about 1 . 5 years old and haven t had an issues with it . this is a solid software choice if you re looking for editing software for personal or family videos , or for basic work technical film editing . the learning curve is reasonable and in 1 2 hours , you can do basic editing and video composition . the more sophisticated inputs and channels will take a little longer to learn but still approachable . the interface of the program isn t too cluttered , and common tools have shortcuts . youtube has been invaluable for finding tutorials on how to do different things , and i ve relied on it a lot .
a lot of features for not a lot of price , it does have a bit of a learning curve but they provide a lot of lessons and guidance on how to use each feature . if you have any background with video editing , this offers an easy step into some useful task , though not entirely advanced compared to other programs . i d heartily suggest it for people who aren t willing or interested to jump in to the more professional programs , or are interested but they re budget isn t but who want to have more creative possibilities than what a basic program like windows movie maker or lower end price programs . this is also a really good stepping stool for those higher end products . get to know basics and exploration on this , then if and when you find you come to the end of what it offers , move on . the expensive programs really are overkill for the great majority of people and i say this as someone who has the adobe suite and realize that even as an educator i m paying more than what i reasonably need to use . great middle ground software that would fit most people s needs and spark a lot of creative development
while i can create pretty nice projects with this , there are some issues that i might call problematic . many of the features that seem to justify the ultimate label and , consequentially , the ultimate price seem like extraneous additions that few will use or few will use with any amount of frequency . if forced to speculate , i would say that most consumers could easily purchase the plus edition of this software for considerably less and be equally if not more satisfied . now , i have yet to experience any issues with the software . however , i have two friends who are also using it . . . and they have both had issues with it crashing . so , i m basically bracing that to happen and hoping that it won t . if there are any incidents , i will update this post . having experimented with both the plus and the ultimate , i highly recommend the plus ! !
ok , i know for about 20 more than the plus version , this one has all the bells and whistles , it even has a free 30 day studio backlot ps 19 training to help get you acclimated faster to utilizing all those bells and whistles and the bonus of accessing lots and lots of royalty free stock that is downloadable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . so why only 2 stars you ask ? my computer is set up so that all my pictures and videos are stored on external drives to keep as much free space on my c drive . when i tried to find a way to install this on the external drive , i could not ! so i searched for a way to and couldn t find anything , so as it is still a relatively new release i called support and i hate calling support for anything , it is always so aggravating well i learned that you can not install this on any drive other than your computer s c drive ! wait . . . . . . it gets better ! you cannot install any version of studio 19 on an external drive ! so are they going to do anything about it . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ? ? sure , they are going to consider changing that aspect of it back to allow this their older versions let you do it ! on their future versions . . . . . . yeah , future . . . . so i still gave it two stars for all it has and the price point but imo the fact that they took away that very important option totally kills it for me . i would really need to upgrade my computer a lot to edit videos on its c drive , and there is not any good reason that i could find why they downgraded this new studio 19 to not allow for installing it onto an external drive ! i am still in unbelief that they downgraded such an important feature for so many people editing lots and lots of hd footage .
i had not been a previous pinnacle user . but i have used corel and cyberlink . that said , there is quite a learning curve for pinnacle . as a result i made liberal use of the free 30 day access to pinnacle s studio backlot training . and i am glad i did . to begin to appreciate studio 19 from a novice perspective , i found the training to be essential . i downloaded the training files and followed along with the video tutorials and before i knew it i was producing videos . this is power packed software . it does pretty much every thing with video and sound and effects that i could ever imagine using . and once i practiced , it got pretty easy to use . the interface makes sense and the project bin concept that drives everything is very effective . there is a smartmovie machine built in for those inclined to let the program do some of the production and photo montage ability as well . i knocked of one star because i think pinnacle should allow access to training beyond 30 days without charging . this is a robust and feature rich program so it would be nice to know i could go back to the website to maximize the pinnacle experience without whipping out the credit card .
first , i am no video expert . . . photography is my 1st hobby . but we all shoot video , and often need tools to make a final presentation . its a very complex field vs . single frame photography . so newbs , beware . . . there is many lower end , or even freebie programs to get started . i have used many video editors in the past . . . and damn , this pin . 19 is quite intense , hard to fathom all this at such a reasonable price point . most of it is beyond what i would ever use , at least at the start . like , most of these programs which keep evolving over time , they are very feature rich , so newbs are often overwhelmed . i am most curious so far about 4k video . . . . which so far , worked well . what i really want to start exploring is 3d video ! but , upon initial review , i have a lot of studying to do , as 3d adds another layer of complexity to video . but the fact at this price point , 3d editing is possible , well , i will slowly learn and explore this new medium . the user interface is good , assuming u have a somewhat of a graphics background , as many of these programs share some common interfaces . hard for me to ding a product with this much power , at this price point . i appreciate some of the other reviewers comments , as i have learned from those as well .
first time user . program was very easy to use . asks questions about your situation , answer and that s about it .
i ve tried both major tax software packages this and h r block s as well as the turbotax online version . while none of them is perfect , i think this is the best of the three . what sets this apart is that you have the option to do your taxes via a very simple interactive step by step interview or , if you know what you re doing , you can actually just jump from topic to topic . you even have the ability to just go to specific forms and fill them out directly . this flexibility means you can quickly fill out an area you re familiar with , but have the software lead you slowly through unfamiliar topics . i find that i generally go direct to things i ve done several years in a row , but will do the step by step interview for areas that are new to me e . g . when i first got married , or had kids , or got a small royalty check from a patent . if you get a form in the mail you don t recognize 1099 g , for example you just do a search for it in the software and it tells you where to go . before buying this , make sure you actually need it . if you run a business , even with employees , you might be able to use home and business . if you re a sole proprietor without employees , you can actually probably save a lot of money and just use deluxe which includes schedule c .
did my taxes and other then they customer service needs work . it was slightly better then last year and the state taxes papers were really really slow but otherwise good
good product . gets the job done overtime and really helps me out with my taxes . irs accepts this product because of its famous accuracy i think . i recommend it wholeheartedly !
i have used it for the past 20 years and continue to depend on it .
i ve used turbotax for years , always reliable . this year they put features back in that you had to buy the premier version to get last year i bought the deluxe and used the feds schedule e that year . i often stop in the middle of preparing taxes to do something else . this year turbotax kept wanting to start at the beginning again , which shouldn t happen . their print set up requires way too much paper , so i print each completed form page separately two sided . i print the signature page , we sign and date it , and i scan it , then print the front page on the back of the original signature page . the feds get their original signature , the state returns we file get their copy with an original front page printed on a copy of the scanned signature page , and we kept one for our files .
did the job with no apparent errors . the tax software was easy to use . my only complaint is with the documentation of tax law . the documentation is skimpy and does not really answer questions you might have abut the software . the tax law questions are easily answered with simple online searches , but software questions are just left hanging .
this is an ok product . i used it to prepare my taxes and file them electronically before i wrote this review . many of the reviews here are posted in nov , dec and january before they have used the product and even have the tax forms from their work place and from their bank . i don t understand how you can rate a product and not even use it unless you are just looking for votes on amazon . following the instructions was ok until i got an error message that i did not enter a cell on my w2 correctly into the software . it was entered correctly and the software showed this as an error as last year the box had data in it . federal law had changed and now a new form is required if you have medical health care insurance from work . i had to leave the page for guided entry that i was working on and go find the new form in the software and check it . oddly enough the form was there and filled out correctly and now the error message had disappeared on its own . i then found out that i could not return to the location in the software that i had been working on . i wasted a hour of time trying to find the right spot to continue entering data again using the guided preparation method . this should be easier to return back to the same location but i just didn t know how to do it . i got my taxes done but i was still frustrated over wasting my time . filing taxes is a pita and having software issues after paying money for a program that is supposed to be correct is not a good performance in my mind . based on the several issues i had i rated this at 3 stars .
i ve been using this software for years and i love it . it s simple and it just works .
i ve been using this software for years and i love it . it s simple and it just works .
i m still using it while i m in the process of doing taxes , so this review may change . so far , though , it isn t as good as the previous year s editions and don t understand why . first , every time i open the return , a new empyty , blank return comes up and i have to open the saved return . second , after running this program through the first time through to the end , the audit risk listed all things that did not apply to me . glitch , defect or something more . i visually inspected the return and it looks okay , but these issues have me wondering . . . . . overall , this year the program doesn t seem to be working right and i can t recommend it . i hope this is just an isolated issue and that the next years coming don t follow this trend .
turbotax user for 20 years . while not the perfect , turbotax works well on the calculation side , but updates required by late breaking changes in tax laws result in some info descriptive sections becoming less clear . my wife and i do our fit in parallel , she on paper and i using turbotax with info imported from quicken . most years , we have minor differences to reconcile . quite often , turbotax cues us to a deduction or credit we may have overlooked or forgotten .
it is a great product as it was basely easy to use but some parts were a little confusing it . it work great on the federal and state income returns .
i ve been using taxcut for several years after my divorce from turbo tax . does what it is designed to do . i get the download version each year which usually has a special offering period when it is first released . a very economical and efficent way to do your taxes through schedule c and an inculded state
this year , you will pay a big tax penalty if you didn t have health coverage for 2015 . important this program factors in the penalty at the beginning , so if your like me and you are looking at your refund amount , it will look significantly lower until the end of the process when you verify that you had health coverage . for me , this was very confusing . i spent like an hour or more redoing my taxes , because the refund amount seemed way off . it isn t till the very end that you figure out that it s low , because they penalize you for obama care until you prove you have it . otherwise i like the h r program . i have used it for years . i can t give it 5 stars because you have the hidden cost of paying for additional state e file programs and additional amounts to efile your state returns . otherwise it s all good
between moving across the country , buying a house , selling a house , five different w2s from three different states and two different adults , my tax situation is , well . . . complicated . turbotax makes it straightforward ish . that s pretty impressive , since it obviously isn t going to rise to the level of easy , considering what we ve got going on . i do have to say that i preferred last year s amazon gift card bonus edition with a 10 bonus ! and i also am not a huge fan of a 20 state e file fee . that said , the product works well , seems comprehensive to my understanding , and gets the job done . worth the cost especially since it might be deductible .
turbo tax 2015 works well , as turbo tax does year after year
i ve tried both major tax software packages this and h r block s as well as the turbotax online version . while none of them is perfect , i think this is the best of the three . what sets this apart is that you have the option to do your taxes via a very simple interactive step by step interview or , if you know what you re doing , you can actually just jump from topic to topic . you even have the ability to just go to specific forms and fill them out directly . this flexibility means you can quickly fill out an area you re familiar with , but have the software lead you slowly through unfamiliar topics . i find that i generally go direct to things i ve done several years in a row , but will do the step by step interview for areas that are new to me e . g . when i first got married , or had kids , or got a small royalty check from a patent . if you get a form in the mail you don t recognize 1099 g , for example you just do a search for it in the software and it tells you where to go . they don t tell you this , for obvious reasons , but there is really very little extra you get with premier and home business . it s mostly little bonuses that you get , like online databases for valuing deductions . deluxe has all the forms an individual could possible need the main difference is in how much help you ll get filling them out . my recommendation is that you save some money and start with this , or even basic . if you actually come across anything that you really need a higher version for , or that would be nice to have , you can upgrade the software online and pay a bit extra , keeping all the work you ve already done . the software makes it very easy to upgrade in place in the middle of filling out your returns . my guess is that you won t ever have to , however .
we have always used turbo tax , we are always happy with it , which is of course , why we continue to use it year after year . so glad to see that the 2015 version is better than 2014 . please note though , this does not include the state version . it s too early to use this for our taxes , but everything downloaded well , didn t run into any snags or problems , and turbo tax guides you through step by step . looking through the program everything looks like it will go just as smoothly as any of the previous year i have used the program .
i ve used turbotax from many years now and have had zero problems . great product and easy to use interface .
i always buy h r block at the beginning of each year . as i found out h r block and amazon always have a 50 discount at the beginning of each year for this software . for the past couple of years , i monitored this h r block sw price and i haven t found better price than this 50 discount . here are my purchase record for the past couple of years . o 01 07 2012 got h r block premium , amazon special deal 29 . 99 o 01 05 2013 got h r block premium , amazon special deal 26 . 99 o 01 03 2014 got h r block premium , amazon special deal 31 . 99 o 01 02 2015 got h r block premium , amazon special deal 31 . 99 o 01 02 2016 got h r block premium , amazon special deal 31 . 95 i do my own tax return , mainly because i have complex tax situations . . . more than 7 schedule k 1 forms from various private placement investments including 2 oil exploring investments with complex tax codes , more than 10 rental properties , and a sole proprietorship for stock trading . first of all , not all the tax filer have the related experience or knowledge to handle my tax return especially , the complex tax codes from oil exploring investments . or it will cost me a fortune for an experienced cpa to do my tax return . i was using turbo tax initially , but i didn t find special advantage in turbo tax when comparing with h r block . so , i switched over to tax cut , and i have been using h r block for the past 8 years . it s not only cheaper , but also capable of handling my tax return s needs . it has an easy interview process to guide people to enter information . it allow me to fetch specific form to make manual modifications . i can do if else analysis to assess different tax strategies with it . the cost of purchasing additional state tax packages is low rental properties in various states that require me to file multiple state tax returns . . to my experience , both turbo tax and h r block are not much difference in functions and capabilities . but i would recommend h r block for its value . don t get me wrong . . . i am not saying turbo tax is bad . but it s more expensive .
i m a nonpracticing cpa who switched from turbotax to hrblock about 5 years ago when turbotax limited the number of returns per software purchase to one . i ve been very happy with hrblock in its user interface and links within the program to government instruction sites . i think the additional state purchase price is high but can live with it as i only need one additional state now to file for my son .
i prepared returns for c corp , s corp and llc . the s corp could not be e filed because of bugs in the program but no trouble with the c and llc . if one accepts that e file won t work or else won t work well for s corp , then the disappointment won t be as great . here s a list of most of the bugginess i experienced with the s would not provide a form that i needed , one of the basic forms . gave me an error for my zip code , saying it s not in my state , although it is . one of the forms was mislabeled , a weird thing to happen and a software problem . but i e filed the c and llc , and i paper filed the s . so one can make the program work . also , i was able to upload my last year s tax filings which i had saved on my hard drive and were from the same h r block tax software . there was no trouble whatsoever with that , and i was actually most worried about that . all in all , i would buy this tax software again and probably will next year . i dislike that i can t use it on another operating system other than windows , but then again it s not highly priced when one has several returns to prepare . it s not the easiest tax software to use , giving warnings that are sometimes unhelpful and cannot be fixed . but it s not that difficult either except of course that i could not e file the s due to some software bugs . i would not recommend it to a true friend nor would i try to dissuade anybody from using it at their own risk as we do whenever we use inexpensive tax software that s targeted to nonprofessionals .
includes all the important forms and loads easily . i can t believe all the negative reports . maybe these negative ones are by inexperienced folks or ones sabotaging h rb . anyway , used h rb for 6 years and never had a problem .
don t buy it here . it will not keep or include your activation code in your digital locker .
i have been using this program for years and have been happy with it . my taxes are not that complicated but i can see that it handles pretty much anything necessary to do taxes . will continue to buy especially with great price at amazon if you keep watching .
i have used h r block software for years and always like the way it works . this year i took advantage of getting part of the refund as an amazon gift card with 10 added to the value of the card . the gift amount goes into your amazon account and is the default method for paying for things you order so you don t have to remember to use it or make any effort at all to use it . use this for 1000 refund and you have gotten back the cost of the software plus the filing fee plus made a small profit .
i will someday abandon all intuit products but the truth is i m locked into turbotax for 2015 per some carryover data . i tried several others but ended up paying the big bucks for tt . it works , filed ok , no problems . i guess i could live with tt if i hadn t had 10 years of frustration with quicken and its forced upgrades for reduced functionality . i ve successfully abandoned quicken .
i buy this software every year must be 15 17 years running . turbo tax is not for me . inuit regularly comes with some scheme to con customers into thinking the are getting the features they paid for .
once again , this years version of the software made my life exceptionally easy . i used to spend two days with spreadsheets and a calculator . i stil l have the spreadsheet to total up income and deductions . after that entering everything into this program and coming up with the final taxes doesn t take long , and i have a complicated set of taxes to resolve . this year , don t forget to fill out the section for health insurance you pay for . otherwise you ll get charged an extra 650 and miss the tax credit you may otherwise get for your insurance expense . highly recommended .
i buy this every year in december so i can plan out my tax year . the program is very well written for people like me to use . i would have to pay a professional if not for turbotax .
intuit products get worse and worse . bugs , dumb ui , just awful but sadly the only game in town .
first let me say i am running a fairly fast desk top tower computer windows 7 ultimate 64 bit sp1 , dual intel chips running at 2 . 40ghz and with 32gb of ram . it still took nearly 45 minutes to install this program from the cd provided half and hour for the loading and then another 15 minutes to do the download of the updates and registration . so , when you go to install this puppy , make sure you have allotted enough time . a couple of pet peeves on the installation process they notify you right up front that the installation may uninstall some of your programs but , they do not tell you which ones i have not found any they did install , but i keep wondering . it would be better if right up front they told you what would be uninstalled and let you decided . another pet peeve , they make you type the serial numbers in as part of the registration a combination of letters and numbers well , for the zeros they do not put slash marks thought them so , you are left guessing is this a zero or a capital o . mine had both so , it took a couple of tries to guess which was which . this is an easy fix surprised it was still there in such a product . one other note about 20 minutes into the installation the disk drive starts making start stop start sounds that go on for about a minute and a half they are normal , but just sound strange let the machine work through them and the installation will continue . now , to the good part this program will solve all your disk writing issues i used to use roxio home years ago , but it no longer works with my current 64 bit machine . this program adds all the goodies you will need for creating your custom video disks , editing you photos , backing up your programs , etc . for manipulating data from your pc onto disks the roxio products cannot be beat and it is well worth the price .
excellent software , easy to use , and fun to play with . i made all kinds of video editing . installs easy . makes a great gift .
i was happy with powerdirector until it started crashing my computer and then refusing to let me render in the resolution it was rendering in when it crashed . every time it crashed , i lost a resolution until i was down to nearly nothing . boy , was i glad corel videostudio came along . i initially installed videostudio on my windows 7 system . then , i upgraded windows 7 to windows 10 . it worked on both systems without crashing either one . woohoo ! one of the things i noticed right off the bat is screen video capture . i m so happy to have that . for years , the only way for me to screen capture was point a camera at my screen yeah , i know about free software . this also has a slideshow wizard , but what i wanted most was a video wizard . as far as i can see , there s no such luck . oh , well . i m happy to see it can edit six cameras . my old video editor could only handle four . i haven t challenged it yet , but it is the coolest feature . that can really make a video look all pro . i m still learning my way around this software , so maybe there are things that are there that i don t know about . so far , i ve made a few basic videos for youtube i ve found that and videostudio is similar in feel to powerdirector , but some things aren t as intuitive , or maybe i ve just been with powerdirector so long that anything else feels alien . the videos have turned out great , though , unlike windows movie maker which makes my videos somewhat grainy . it s more powerful than windows movie maker and has more options .
<div id video block r1u9zmaqbphqln class a section a spacing small a spacing top mini video block >< div><input type hidden name value this software worked excellently from installation through export of my compiled content in its project manger to multiple output formats . installation on a windows 7 machine 64 bit with 16 gb of ram and a quad core 3 . 4 ghz intel processor took about 25 minutes . the vsp x9 installer included a progress bar that accurately indicated the install status . the interface is based on a 3 part concept capture or import , edit and share or output . in between are more options than all but the most proficient users will be able to appreciate . output options are abundant , for both writing to physical media , creating many different digital file formats of varying resolution and sharing directly to multiple popular social media sites including youtube , vimeo , flickr and facebook . pros works with many source file types i didn t have any on my machine it couldn t work with outputs to physical media , multiple digital file types at multiple resolutions and social networking sites youtube , facebook , flickr and vimeo includes a selection of audio files to populate soundtracks with the auto music feature includes an computer screen capture utility awesome since the most widely used of these can cost hundreds of dollars cons interface is cluttered and not especially intuitive . no included help files . , f1 takes you to corel s website . ok only if you have persistent online access and vendors should not assume this user guide and quick start guide are . pdf files that you have to download separately . many of the effects and features for both content and titling could quickly tire viewers if over applied . this is less a criticism of the software than of the potential for over use of these tools by some users . this is especially true for the fastflick quick video creator utility , which i felt did not do enough to let me know what effects were going to be present as part of the pre authored templates . finally vsu x9 also includes tools for dvd authoring and 3d video creation neither of these are part of my own regular user needs , so i didn t test them . the accompanying video shows the result of quickly capturing multiple video and still file formats , adding titles , audio files and capturing a pc screen . overall impressive performance and decent value for the price .
i am really surprised . i ve tried a couple of times to install this on my dell laptop without any success . i m surprised because i ve used previous versions of this product . the last was x7 . x7 crashed a lot so i went back to x6 and it worked fine . i m an adobe user , but anyone who knows anything about adobe knows it s not the easiest software to use , so i use vs to quickly put together videos . i normally use my desktop for this kind of software . i will try installing there when i return . if all goes well , i will up my rating . by the way , i m using w10 .
looking over some of the other reviews i was worried that this version would be a mistake to try . i have to say it is running well on my lenovo flex 3 with intel i5 and 8gb of ram . i have had videostudio x7 and x8 , and this version runs much better then the earlier two . there is a service pack that i downloaded and installed . i had one issue , my reasons for 4 stars and not 5 . after many hours of video editing i had it stop and give me a message , videostudio has stop running . the good news , i had saved my project and i was able to reload and return to editing . i haven t had this happen since , but i still save my project regularly . i have a canon 5d mark iii , and sony rx100 iv , and a few other video gopro type cameras that i use and have edited and assembled final videos using corel videostudio ultimate x9 . the ultimate gives you lots of transitions , quick start templates and much more that makes your final videos look good . this package comes with corel fastflick x9 , a quick easy way to put a video together fast , corel screen cap x9 , this allows you to capture your computer screen , and videostudio training 7 days free , 69 for a year , everything you need to start making super videos . bottomline , you could spend a lot more money on video editing software than this and not really get much of anything more . this package is one of the easier packages to learn and use . there is plenty of info online to learn more and to find suggestions .
upgrade to 3 stars , because it support mp4 , whereas powerdirector 13 doesn t . i ve been reviewing corel videostudio versions for some time now . i crashed it yet again . i just dragged video clips , and it crashed ! i tried to drag the clip on edit container , and it seemed to put it in , but nothing appeared in the container . so why the extra star ? because of corel screencap , which i m sure was developed by someone else . that tool is still the best of its kind . there s a lot of sound video samples that come with this product , but they re hard to search for within the software . i continue to use cyberlink s powerdirector , which is the best video editing software for windows . note i m using windows 7 home edition .
i have a 4 year old pc , not cutting edge even then , and it runs pretty well . my editing needs are light , and for me videostudio is easy to learn , easy to use , and works well .
the software itself is robust and quite useful for the graphics designer in your firm or family . installation is fairly simple but activation was another story . from within the program , it failed to recognize my password or if that was my user error , it failed to let me change it . giving error messages . it did know that i had an account with my e mail address . finally i went directly to corel . com and changed my password there . mission accomplished , or so i thought . once opening one part of the suite and entering the info , you still need to validate an e mail link before access is granted to the other portions of the suite . once these hurdles are overcome you should enjoy the newest version of coreldraw graphics suite x8
update 04 27 2016 service pack 2 came out . uploaded and it fixed the crashing problem . the coreldraw swite now is running perfectly ! five star update . old review below . let start by saying i am an old time user of coreldraw . i used it for years at my job and loved it . the suite x8 offers much more and still has the feel and performance i remember . i am also a adobe photoshop user . i ended up moving more into using photoshop mainly due to more local classes and support compared to coreldraw , though corel was is my favorite . if you are looking at this suite i m sure it is because you know what you need for your job . i don t see the hobby types using or buying this based on the cost . installation was painless and flawless . i guess we would hope so for this price range of product . once installed i find everything seems to work well . i would like to give a more detailed review , however i am unable with the amount of time given me to complete this . you see , i received this from amazon vine to review and i received this package for the cost of the taxes on the product . i will make a good attempt to update this review as i have more time to explore and use it . all in all if you need a graphics program for work , this is an excellent suite package and offers more for the money than my adobe package other than local training . other than the frequent crashing of the program , it would be great .
got this for my 14 year old who loves making cool edits to pictures of his favorite athletes , then sharing with friends and posting online . he was able to use a copy of photoshop while he was taking a graphics course in school , but as that class is over , i thought this would be a good replacement . so far , he s said it was easy to install , and found it fairly intuitive to figure out how to find what he wants to do . he likes the bitmap to vector feature trace as he s able to copy images he finds places and add them to his finished product , often greatly increasing their size without any loss of quality . he has just started using this product so not sure about the special effects he is used to v what is available but he seems to think from cursory review that it has a rich set of effects . i like that it s a permanent license , something uncommon in software today . i also like the videos that help you get started . will udpate as the product is used more .
i can t really add much to what other reviewers have already said , but i wanted to point out a few of my own observations . 1 . don t get this if you are a beginner or are getting something for a hobby . there are free and low cost programs out there that are better suited for your needs . 2 . the font manager is a nice thing to have if you have a lot of fonts . i do , but i was skeptical about how much i would use it . it shows the fonts at a larger size and makes it easier to select than in programs with such tiny font previews . 3 . powertrace makes great vector images from art you couldn t otherwise enlarge without a lot of quality loss . 4 . the photo zoom seems to enlarge pictures very well . i was able to enlarge and print family photos from a pretty small size . the larger and higher quality the image , of course , the better this works . 5 . i don t like having to connect to the internet to activate and use software . i know it s just where the industry is going , but i don t have to like it . meanwhile the warez crowd will get whatever they want completely unfettered . 6 . i didn t even bother to try the help section . run a search for whatever you re trying to do on it , and someone will probably have a tutorial or instructions that won t confuse you like help . 7 . if you have some experience with these program , or with graphics programs in general , you will be able to figure this out fairly quickly . most basic functions are the same in most programs it s just a matter of where they put the tab or button . i ve had a lot of fun with this , and i think you will too . four stars for productivity and fun .
there are free media players out there like vlc , mpc , gom , but none will play commercial blu ray dvds . you will need something like powerdvd to play them on your pc . in addition , powerdvd plays 3d , hd and 4k discs as well . the powerdvd screen is intuitive and easy to navigate . the controls are on the bottom of the screen and disappear in full screen mode when you move the mouse off the screen . i think one of the best features of a media player , and powerdvd does a good job of , is cataloguing your media files . you can have several drives or folders with media in them , and the powerdvd program will find and catalogue them for you so that they are all available in one place without searching . you can also collect youtube or other online media for offline viewing later . video quality is very good , with some added enhancements like truetheater color that ups the saturation of certain colors to make the picture more vivid . another enhancement i like is audio enhancements like dolby virtual speaker and truetheater surround . i have 4 speakers in my room , but most audio files are in stereo only . but with powerdvd i can take advantage of my extra speakers without just duplicating the stereo sound stage . powerdvd should be able to handle just about any current video or audio type you can throw at it although i have read that some older codecs don t work , like flv , quicktime 6 , ogg theora , and realmedia audio , which should not be a problem for most customers . a cool feature is the ability to extract audio from a video file into a mp3 format for playback later . i will not vouch for the legality of this , but if you like to listen to soundtracks , there any many online resources to extract audio from .
i like that corel has released wordperfect office x8 , a suite of proven , extensive and affordable applications . x8 delivers a lot of value for people seeking an alternative for office productivity software solutions . in fact , wordperfect and quattro pro were among the very first applications that i learned yes , i m an old timer . learning to use them anew is like riding a bicycle no problem at all . i suspect that new users will find them to be very intuitive , too . one of the attributes of x8 is interchangeability with microsoft file formats . however , even after i had downloaded the compatibility add on i found that the conversion process between formats was not 100 percent between wordperfect and word . perhaps i still have a few tricks to learn so it would be wrong for me to claim authority on this issue , but it seems slightly problematic . for that reason , i hesitate to recommend x8 if the purpose is to edit files from work if your workplace uses microsoft products . in my opinion , x8 is probably best suited for users who are mostly interested in creating great documents but are less interested in collaboration with microsoft users . i think that includes a lot of people myself included ! having a full array of software available to create pretty much anything i want and publish the documents to read only formats such as . pdf is sufficient for me . i highly recommend corel wordperfect office x8 to everyone .
i only has so many microsoft office licenses to go around , and we wanted a program with most of the functionalities of word , powerpoint , and excel . wordperfect office has all of that , and the documents are compatible with their respective ms office programs . i don t use the other two programs on it , so i can t comment on them . as for the big three , they do everything ms office does . you just have to get used to where the buttons are and what the screen looks like . the only drawback is that sometimes some minor formatting won t translate . you might set text color in a powerpoint to something in wordperfect and it will come out as something else when you open it in ms office . the other thing i haven t tested is all the powerpoint templates you can download . i make my own graphics for stuff like that , so i haven t tested any . i don t see why they wouldn t be compatible , but it s something to look at if you use them a lot . considering this is a one time purchase instead of a never ending monthly fee , i m willing to make the trade off .
i use wp years ago and found it cumbersome and far too much work . i was , therefore , skeptical about trying it again . the ebook publisher capabilities caused me to give it another whirl . well , wp has certainly become much more user friendly over the years . while word conversion is not as easy as i had hoped , i find it easier to format my projects with wp . installation was a breeze . i like the photo editor and it is relatively easy to use . i have to learn more about quattro but it seems like it will be just as easy as excel . i kept microsoft office on my old computer just in case but i have found myself only gravitating back to it two times in the past month . i love the pdf functions . wp has truly upped their game .
this is a great alternative to microsoft office for certain documents . i like corel solutions for the small ebook publishing i do . this software suite has pdf tools , creation and editing built in . that s a huge plus for me . i think this is superior to ms if you are adding photo and video to your documents . however , i find powerpoint and excel easier to work with despite the compatibility with corel . word processing is no issue , and converts very easily . x7 was very good . this is better because the pdf functions work better for me .
its been years since i used wordperfect on a regular basis . years back , when it was owned by different companies , i switched over entirely to microsoft word and used wordperfect only when a project demanded it a situation that became never . lately ive also been growing fond of another word processing program called scrivener which has many advantages for writers . my focus here will be n the word processing component , the eponymous wordperfect , once the king of word processing . corel has done a good job of rescuing this program , . it has lots of neat features that you will not find in microsoft word . i was particularly drawn to epublisher , which facilitates the production of ebooks in mobi and epub formats . this is a template rather than an integrated part of wordperfect and for basic publishing tasks is easy to use and works well . wordperfect also has substantial pdf editing and creation tools , which are very impressive . the integral help file is excellent . the user interface is streamlined and cleaner in some ways than words . file format compatibility isn t very important to most these days , but wordperfect can deal with more than 60 file formats in one way or another . in all , wordperfect can be a substitute for microsoft word and it has some features , like the much storied reveal codes , thuat cannot be found in word . as for the other components of the suite , i have to get to them at a later date . jerry
if you ve wanted to know how family members are driving your car , this product is for you ! it s also great for small business owners tracking employees . insurance companies have been using these devices for years . it plugs into the odb port in your car . that s usually by the steering wheel and is part of any car made since 1996 . if you have a car made before then . . well kudos for keeping it around so long ! it uses an on board cellular signal to report back diagnostics on the car . to receive that info , you need to be a 19 . 99 monthly subscription fee . the description is confusing . without paying that fee you get absolutely no features . it doesn t use bluetooth or have a bluetooth backup like automatic or other devices . if the manufacturer raises the price on the monitoring , you re stuck . once you install it , the device tracks the car s location so long as it has mobile signal . it tracks the car and usage , not the drive . i like that because if the kids borrow the car , you ll know if they are driving too fast . for business owners , it checks the idle time and number of stops . that lets you know if they are wasting gas or running personal errands . it even includes geofencing , so you get alerts when it goes near a particular location . you can view the data from the app or the web the maintenance features are just a way of manually tracking things like oil changes . it doesn t read information from the odb port as far as i could tell . this device is just about tracking . overall i liked the product . i did not have good experiences with support . it took days to get a response and they were confusing . fortunately , the product is easy to use , so my support issues were only related to the review . a slick idea the fulfills a need .
lovely system works as advertised be sure that this is a system you can afford the monthly charges for .
good product . wish i could get another copy .
happy happy joy joy ! it was just as it was advertised , so it gets four stars , what else is there to say ! they would get five stars if they went above and beyond what was advertised and expected .
works with windows 7 and 8 and xp , and for 3 pc , will be the last time we see this and the only reason we bought it now , just to have word and excel before it became a 1 pc or yearly subscription .
i bought microsoft office 2007 professional academic version because i was and still am a struggling with illnesses mostly college student , and then i took a chance on the office 2007 ultimate steal microsoft was running . but i realized i needed more than just 2 pcs to read . docx , . pptx , and . xlsx files on , and this proved to be just the ticket . i could evaluate the new versions of the three most commonly used for me at least office programs on 3 computers . i have it installed on one nearly brand new pc as of right now but i will eventually install it onto the rest of the eligible pcs if not indeed buy new systems just for this version of office . i like what i see from office 2010 . it matches the interface of the windows live applications , wordpad , and paint which the color scheme chosen for 2007 prevented it from doing . i hope to eventually upgtade my everyday school laptop to one with a new fangled processor , and the 3 install disc will come in very handy . i got the last copy of this software available at my local wal mart , and it has proven that you don t have to have the highest end office suite to be able to get productive work done , whether for school assignmnents or personal use . i know office 2003 is better , but my school has long since switched to 2007 and now 2010 , so i had to get with it , and not keep using something so outdated on pcs that i hope to earn my college degree with . in summation , i am keeping office 2007 professional and ultimate around for tasks requiring off the wall office applications , but my daily driver wersion of office will become 2010 , despite the fact i feel like it s 2007 with a new coat of paint .
this version is excellent as you can install it on up to 3 computers at home . it will probably save you a lot of money over the commerical version . if you use office 2010 at work , it can be very helpful to have the same vesrion at home so that you can work at home in a pinch . it can also help you to learn the new version .
to me , there isn t a lot that can be done to improve upon this office suite . it has everything we need to do schoolwork with the kids at home . we use the word and excel mostly . the only other program that would be nice to have is publisher , but we rarely have a need for that with the kids school work . a must have for anyone with kids in school !
warning , warning , warning the trial of outlook on this that you don t even know it is going to install , not only makes itself your email client , it keeps downloading your email even after the trial ends if you open it for any reason , for example to look at all your emails it is already holding hostage , get rid of the trial software for outlook as soon as you can if you still have it on your computer , i m currently trying to go through the over 900 emails that it downloaded before i realized that it was even on my computer i was orginally very happy with this product , but then to my dismay i found out the hard way that it installs a trial version of microsoft outlook on your computer . everything works nice , until you send an email and then outlook takes over your email , i thought it wasn t going to be a problem , then i went to send an email and got a box that popped up and told me that the trial period had ended and that i would have to purchase a 200 . 00 or more program to get all my business and personal emails back that outlook automatically downloaded without me selecting that as an option the powerpoint is good on this version , but if you buy this office suite , make sure you do not install any of the trial programs that the disk automatically installs , otherwise you will find yourself losing data that you needed and can t afford to pay the ransom to get back
i am old school when it comes to office , so this product more than covered my basic needs . it will take me a little getting used to , but i think it looks and works great so far . i have windows 7 and had no problems at all with the install , it was done in about 15 minutes including reboot . i chose the customize option during install and the button to remove all prior installs and upgrade . i find the programs easy to navigate too .
office 2010 home and student edition family pack with word , excel , powerpoint and onenote installs at a variable rate depending on your pc hardware . the visual install , looks like it has delivered you the whole suite , but thats just a fool ya , or a got cha . click on anything you did not buy in the option you chose , oops , another sales pitch . this version has so many similarities with its web page cousins that it is just beyond a joke , except that it has the big brand at the top not for commercial use , an alternative that all other office versions , open office , x5 , and more do not display . the file page is quite literally massive in word with all its options for save , send open , sharepoint , etc , and the templates , the permisions , sharing and versions components look nightmarish . excel has the same set of web like displays , same as powerpoint . one note does i admit look kind of intriguing , but why does a not for commercial use edition have its front page with the graphic of notebooks work , personal , and classes shouldn t work be taken out since it is ipso facto for commercial use ? although , it must be noted that one note does have the general structure of the web like word , excel and powerpoint . overall , the reduced function , limited range , and the continuation of the annoying ribbon make this office cutdown , not worth it office without outlook is like smart suite without lotus notes even word perfect office x5 is a better deal with more to offer and less to restrict , the full version even has a free sharepoint server , where as office 2010 is simply sharepoint compatible . after initial installation , before opening any office component , you are offered access to the microsoft version of the cloud at least that is what it looks like , and i have more concerns about the security issues with the cloud as ms offers it than any other form of the cloud i have seen plus if the ms cloud outages continue , then this could be rather precedent setting . and , if you happen to run trend micro anti virus applications on your pc , then the office 2010 setup will be a most disagreeable meal for trend and you must divest yourself of trend micro , at least for the moment . all in all another dis tasteful new generation office experience .
pinnacle studio 20 plus is a real nice video editing program . you can add video right from a live camera , and you can do hd or 3d as well . you can combine footage from up to 4 cameras with multi camera editing . the tracking lets you add text or graphics that move with a person or object in your video as well . you can upload the videos to most social media sites , or you can burn it to a dvd . this copies to a dvd very quickly , so you don t have to wait forever . the clarity is very good , and the transitions are great . i highly recommend this video editing software .
after a bad experience with version 16 sending messages to re install after the windows 10 update . discovering it not only wouldn t re install but pinnacle was no longer supporting it i was rather upset . after all other than the messages to re install the pinnacle studio 16 ultimate was functioning as it always had . i seriously considered getting premiere rather than this . i was pleasantly surprised however to find pinnacle studio 20 ultimate in my vine cue . so am sticking with it . it meets my current needs except one . thus the 4 stars . it s 2016 for blu ray support to not come included straight out of the box is a shame . it is however available as a paid plug in , so i ll eventually add it . the interface is not that difficult to learn and there are online tutorials available .
i am not good enough yet at video editing to provide the quality advice that some of the other reviews are providing . in other words , my review is restricted to issues that are likely to arise in the minds of an amateur video editor is it easy to install ? is it user friendly to get started in editing ? how long does it take from initial setup to tutorial ? to editing ? installation i have windows 10 , which i regard as , finally , a decent operating system after several iterations of agony . with this os , and with high speed internet available , installation is reasonably fast and quite easy . still , i would have preferred the basic program to have been on the disc , rather than being forced to download the entire program . with anything less than a high speed connection , the time required will try one s patience . update patches install quickly and , of course , it is good to know they are updating the software on a regular basis . interface the interface is intuitive similar in ease of use to that which i love with mac and ios . in fact , this design almost makes up for my disappointment in the lack of a backup on the disc . all in all , i was ready to commence learning within an hour and i had already begun editing some sound files within another half hour . i m still learning and will try to update this review in the near future , after i have edited some of my youtube videos . until then , however , i m rating this at four stars out of five
i found pinnacle studio 20 ultimate a very usable video editing program for my modest needs . it has many more features and included add ins than i ll ever need . for example multi camera features are cool but i doubt i ll ever use more than 2 cameras . still it s nice to have the option . the same for a lot of the other advanced capabilities . motion follow is already a very useful for me . the program comes with a limited time access to on line training . i have only dipped my figurative toe into these lessons but i think most new video editors will find the training a very helpful quick start and introduction to video editing using pinnacle studio . i think this is a thoughtful plus , but the time limited access is just plain strange . happily there are lots of helpful youtube videos too . somehow it bugs me when a program has a shopping cart built in . it s like you are expected to get add ons to really use the program . for example , a major feature is 4k and hd editing . does it make sense that blu ray burning should be an extra cost 7 . 99 add on you can only purchase through the program ? probably this does not push other folks buttons like it does mine . here is what i like easy to use interface coming from adobe premiere limited time access to online training is useful performs well with reasonably quick user interface reads writes every format i could want motion follow for text has been very handy ! a large number of transitions and effects are included tracking effects like blur and following text are helpful here is what i don t so much blu ray burning requires a 7 . 99 add in i like when software gets regular updates . i installed the latest patch today v20 . 1 . 0 released 2016 10 26 . here is a summary of its changes resolved black or flickering preview newbluefx watermarks removed resolved error messages that displayed when editing titles resolved crashes in slideshow projects sample project is now removable new ! added audio specific fade transition audio cross fade in conclusion , i think pinnacle studio 20 ultimate is a very nice video editing package at an affordable price point . it is feature rich with a very usable interface . it seems intuitive to me after using adobe premiere . performance seems pretty good to me on my desktop with lots of ram . it bugs me that an add on is required to burn a blu ray and the program has a built in shopping cart . the annoyances are minor compared to the overall value of the program . amazon does not give half stars and i don t think that i can really take a full star off so 5 stars
sometimes pouring over page after page is difficult . if that describes you , this is a great tool for learning or brushing up on lightroom . converting files , how to back up , it s a lot of information . not always as clear as i would have liked , sometimes you just want something streamlined . still , nice to have this format as an option . tim grey has written quite a few books on photoshop as well as this video tutorial , which now has a newer version .
i used quicken legal buiness pro for my own small online business last year . it really helped out in a few areas . the biggest was documents ! i could finally get my own documents and print them right out without the help of an attorney or accountant . it certainly saved me here and there ! it is certainly easy to use and gives a prompt showing the legal in s and out s as you go along . as always , if in doubt , contact your own attorney for advice . i would buy this again just to save myself the time and money .
generally speaking , to get the best performance from any operating system a clean install of a full version is recommended . the best choice is to choose a full version of the product and enjoy the benefits of not being left with artifacts and leftover s of your previous operating system which can lead to instability in certain cases . i would only buy this on a limited budget .
i purchased this software , hoping to experience the opportunity to design some slick personal calling cards . what i got instead was a migraine ! the design backgrounds are gorgeous , but you have to have a phd in graphic design to make this software work . i spent hours trying to make my chosen design fit within the print area of my standard avery cardstock i don t claim to be the brightest crayon in the box , but i m pretty intelligent and resourceful and i wasn t able to do anything with it . i m glad i only spent amt . if you have the a lot of extra time and an unending supply of patience , give it a shot if you don t choose another product , or go to kinko s .
one of the biggest sins microsoft committed with her office xp application suite is removing the publisher from its professional edition without lowering the price . the professional edition of office 2000 has publisher , in addition to all other applications present in xp professional . but that apart , i must say that this publisher 2002 works fine . it is fast , very easy to customize , and yields high quality desktop publishing outputs . still , a close scrutiny revealed that its improvements over the 2000 edition is only marginal . the difference between the two is mainly on the interface . hence , i regard this 2002 edition as a great value for anyone upgrading a 9x version but not for the 2000 one .
as with all software , the user interface and its workflow has its quirks . some of it you may find counter intuitive and not very helpful . but if you have a fairly straight forward tax situation and you already know what you are supposed to do tax wise , then this is a convinient alternative to pen paper and a lot cheaper than going to a specialist when you send in all the rebates .
perfect device . the only thing that would make this better ? people that actually wait for it to be released and test it themselves before reviewing it .
on the life cycle of this item the other vista versions aswell if ur one of the xp users out there who have been afraid to upgrade to windows 7 or 8 , then this item is for u . . , u ll need service packs 1 2 for this item after installing it but its comparable to windows 7 it ll give a person the chance to get the feel of the newer operating systems before upgrading to 7 or 8 . . , just make sure u get a sealed copy before purchasing if the description on isn t clear about it being a sealed copy or not then ask the seller to be sure before buying ! . . note i ve seen some copies of this software thats marked open box sometimes that just means that its been opened for display only it can still be activated after its been installed , ask the seller if thats the case before buying cuz if is the case then u can still get a good price on an open box item if the software hasn t been activated the key is still included but other times the keys to those packages have been lost they cant be used again even if someone says u can buy a new vista key , microsoft no longer sells new keys for vista to the best of my knoledge just do the research by asking the seller ! . .
what a pathetic o . s . ! i still have to use mine , because i have certain hardware and software that require me to use vista on one of my 2 main pc s in the house . i often get system crashes , hang ups , slow downs , error messages , etc . ! it is truly pathetic . i really like this o . s . for it s simplicity , but with all the problems i m having , i can t accomplish much ! if a microshaft executive is reading this , how about some windows updates fixes and modifications that will make my win vista system work better ! we users need better support from you clowns !
too many pop ups . ccapp . exe is still the bigger poc ever written . it hangs once or twice a week . liveupdate notice is a new feature that will give you pop ups on your desktop about new products , new features , upgrades etc . i guess too many people opt out on email notices , so they decided to just put it on your desk top . . . advertising about their products . it will also be in 2008 . i would rather take my chances with nothing , than ever use a norton product ever again .
i was disappointed to learn that ibank is not supported by one of the largest banks in the u . s . , jpmorgan chase , and you cannot do direct downloads without paying a monthly fee to the bank . you can only download monthly statements . if you monitor your banking activity on a weekly or greater basis , this is a real pain .
this product is a real bargain to be had . you can buy this old version and as soon as you install it , you can upgrade for free to the latest one .
i ve never really been impressed by virus scanning software , and i guess i can say that still holds true . three user mcafee is easy to use but it s more for moms and grandparents and aunts and the like who may not be as net savvy to understand what not to trust before coming across it on your computer . integrates well with windows xp . recommended if you want to be cautious .
works for wxp . have updated to newer version for w7 .
powerdirector 6 did used to be so sluggish and my system would crash . it would take hours to make a video , hoping it wouldn t hang and then crash . rendering was another worry . i sometimes would have to start from scratch , if i didn t think to save although saving would also crash it . since upgrading my vista home premium quad core system went from 6 gb a full 12 gb of ram and a better gpu , my worries are no more . i don t have nearly the problems i did before . it s so much faster minutes instead of hours and it doesn t crash nearly so much , unless i m fiddling with it before the wizard is completely done putting my video together . i did think my problems were with the software , but it was my system all along . just meeting the minimum requirements were not enough to run it . i had to exceed it by a lot . my favorite part of this software is the wizard . i choose the clips and photos and music and it cuts it up and puts it into a movie . so quick and easy . after it s done , i go back and tweak it take out what i don t like , add what i want , do some special effects . i ve used other video editing software and this is my hands down favorite because of the wizard . there are lots of special effects and titles to choose from . i can use the wizard to help with the soundtrack or clean up the video . i can manipulate the video manually . it s the perfect blend of power and simplicity in a software . love it .
yes i bought this simply for word . . . but i just couldn t leave you guys hanging . i had to respond , because i have good news . i have had many frustrations , with email clients for my windows pc then i found this email client that works beautifully . if you loved outlook express , and wish you could run it on windows 7 and 10 , then this is your lucky day . its free for a single account , but i even paid 10 . bucks just to help the author out . set it up as imap , and man oh man . it works great ! works for pop accounts too here is the link , and i hope this brings you as much joy as it has brought to me . http runasxp dot com outlook express 6 for windows 7 8 and 10
there s no point mentioning the pros with these cons , so it s huge , slow , and slows down your pc startup as well . very poor to nonexistent audit trail , can cause a lot of damage . cannot create custom reports . you re stuck with tweaking the ones microsoft provided , which may not work for you . paypal and ebay integration requires a monthly fee . with these cons , it really doesn t matter what the pros are .
instant immersion german is a fairly comprehensive program for learning german . my son has decided to take german next year in school and he wanted to get a head start with a home based system . this package contains both audio and pc based media as well as a game . the structure is well thought out and does give the student a good grounding in the basics of german . i really like that the program checks your pronunciation when used on a pc with a microphone . this is very helpful and actually helps with the memorization process . like all language programs we have several for spanish as well , nothing beats having native speakers to practice with and the more you practice the better you will remember . recommended ! cfh
i have been using delorme street atlas since 2002 or so . my wife and i have always been pleased with having the larger screen and greater navigation control of a gps program on our notebook as opposed to a small dashmount gps . if you currently have delorme 2007 or newer i would not advise upgrading because this version doesn t offer any needed enhancements that we use nor have i seen much of an update to road data . i love having the plus version over the regular version because having all that directory information at my fingertips can really make traveling a lot easier . if the kids say they are hungry , you ask street atlas where the closest restaurant you love is on your route and it will spit out a list of options . then you can call ahead and set up reservations because delorme gives you the phone numbers as well as the address to the restaurant . i have used both delorme and microsofts mapping programs and i am much happier with delorme due to the ease of use of gps navigation . also , i have found that delorme s routes are much more intuitive to road conditions and always seemed to get us to our destination faster than microsoft . however , with that said , if you already are fully used to the microsoft version of streets and maps then i don t think i would advise you to switch to delorme because their buttons and controls are completely different and you would be very frustrated trying to relearn how to manipulate the program .
wordperfect is a very good program . it has plenty of features and powerful editing capabilities . wp office can t rest on its laurels and massive sales like office can so it makes it up by pushing the feature set further . in particular , wp is much better at dealing with older documents , including docs from older versions of office . however , its one drawback is that it isn t office and thus there can be incompatabilities with newer formats . this can be a dealbreaker but if it isn t then this is a great , inexpensive choice for an office suite .
while this version is great , note that the new and updated 2010 version has been released , making this one obsolete .
this isn t really the app to get solely for driving directions , as there are less expensive alternatives if you re buying mainly for that purpose . if you need to data map info from your business or organization , however , than this fits the bill . the gui isn t elegant , but it gets the job done .
it s very relaxing to enjoy the simple pleasure of old archie comic books . it is very simple to copy them over to the kindle fire and read them in bed or on the go . the quality is not great they are obviously scanned and watermarked , but they are fun and easy to read . on the kindle you have to lightly scroll each page to see the bottom quarter of each spread , but it s not much trouble . great value for all that you get .
kapersky is respected as an affordable alternative to sluggish and higher priced programs by norton and mcafee . unfortunately , i was not able to get this edition to install onto our upgraded computers . it got the job done on a vista system , and i had no detected viruses , slow downs , or other problems while it ran on the test computer . of course , i don t open spam , follow suspicious links , or visit questionable websites , which helps to cut down on the malware . it is not compatible with windows 7 , and there isn t anything especially exciting about this package , hence 3 stars .
i was a longtime trend micro user , but as time went on , they made changes to their product i did not like . when people on their forum site complained , their attitude was take it or leave it , so i followed their advice , and left it . i switched to kaspersky , and could not be happier .
you ve heard of employees losing a laptop with 100 , 000 clients credit card information , or 500 , 000 social security numbers ? we don t want to be one of those companies . we work in russia , us , england , and elsewhere , and can t afford to put clients information at risk of a public breach . that s why we use mcafee anti theft
i have had the free version of this on my computer for at least a couple of years . that one has saved me from several bad web sites and has been well worth installing it . i didn t really think that the full version would be that much different but it is . when having it running while doing a search , in the results it will tell the safe sites from the bad and catch about 90 or more of the bad ones . so if you do a lot of surfing and looking up stuff this will help guide you away from the bad sites that can damage your computer . some of the other reviewers say that they cant see any use for it for advanced internet users , but anybody can stumble into a bad site and not know it , even the pros . and although i don t like any of the other mcafee programs , there antivirus program that was with my msn dsl slowed my computer down to a crawl and missed a lot of stuff that some of the free antivirus programs like avg picked up on i do like this one and recommend it for all internet users . for only 20 its a cheap safety net that works .
photomatix pro 6 is an excellent post photography program for hdr photos . the program has a bit of a learning curve but nothing beyond the capabilities of anyone somewhat experienced in adobe lightroom or photoshop . it s a stand alone program and a lightroom plug in , too , for combining photos into hdr , with a huge array of available adjustments . and it s ability to transform the ordinary into the spectacular is nothing short of amazing . the pro 6 version of photomatix is considerably different from earlier versions i have been familiar with and it compares very favorably against other hdr programs i have used , e . g . photoshop cc , hdr efex pro , and luminar , to name a few . and it can be acquired at a 15 discount , too , if you look around .
yeah i know , this is an old version of the software from back in 2010 . i purchased this to install on a windows 7 computer from that same year . i figured that this older version of videostudio would work better and have less conflicts than if i bought the latest and greatest made for windows 10 . anyway , all i plan on using this for is to make some video slideshows of pictures so even this old package is a bit of overkill for doing that . software works fine and i m happy with it .
we are running vista with internet explorer 8 on our pc . this software disabled internet explorer when installed on the first installation , on the second installation and again on the third installation . finally , it took on the fourth installation . i m not tech savy but i do know enough to know that it was a waste of time and my conclusion is a lack of confidence in this avg internet security product .
h r block tax software is simply the best .
i love to create things so i was really interested in this program . unfortunately it looks like it didn t go over too well as i see it has been discontinued . i was planning a deck pool area and i found this program to be extremely cool and i was able to get a better idea what i wanted by using it . it s not available anymore , so i suggest looking around for like programs for your future projects . too bad . . . . .
i am writing this review after 8 months of usage . this is a very stable product and has subtle improvements over the previous versions . in some of the earlier editions our organization started facing complaints about stability and higher than usual memory utilization . these issues seem to have been properly addressed in this edition . the new look interface is more in line to the overall direction ms is taking across its own products so it ll fit well with any future ms product releases . the zipx format internally has better standardization than the native zip format so in future there will be guaranteed better support and 3rd . party applications and plug ins i believe . some features like email of zips are great and my associates have all got back to me stating it s a god send to have . encryption algorithms based on some tech documents i ve read seem to have been strengthened and overall taking some random tests i ve found zipx compressing at least 20 better than native zip . recommend the product yes . use the product yes .
as a vine reviewer , i m obligated to review items and have no way of notifying amazon that i never actually received an item , such is the case with this software . so i give it three stars for being the kind of product it is . any product that helps you save your valuable data is well worth the money . they may be better products out there and i m sure there are worse ones too hence the three star rating , but something is better than nothing . read the reviews of those that were fortunate enough to actually try the product and if it seems easy to use and something you might actually do , it s worth every penny .
pdf create 7 does exactly that creates pdfs . it s not fancy , it doesn t let you edit pdf s or create editable pdf s , but what it does , is makes pdf s from your files . . . it s fast , it s easy good software . there are other pdf creating software options out there , and this one is not more or less than others it s just good pdf creating software it s useful and good . . . i like it . . .
this is an excellent alternative for those people out there that do not know how to use ftp commands . a subscription is required for the person sending the file which can be up to 2gb in size . the sender uploads the file through their simple interface , and then a link is sent to the recipient who can securely download the attachments . the site is protected by 256 bit encryption , and they use their own compression algorithm . i have been using this to send sound mp3 files to a podcast to which i contribute . bear in mind , you will have to renew this subscription each year .
the coreldraw premium suite x5 is not a program for a casual user . it is a powerful suite of software used for a variety of graphic art , webpage design , flash animation , and more . it is not my intent to go over every feature the software package , since there are many outstanding reviews already posted . however , i would like to hit the highlights . when compared to adobe photoshop as a pure graphics program it is tough to beat adobe photoshop . most of us grew up using photoshop and adobe , so in many ways it is intuitive . the coreldraw premium suite has many additional features which helps it to become a one stop solution . in terms of price both programs are roughly at the same price point . what features do you need ? as i stated above coreldraw is fully loaded suite of software the question is do you need it all ? will you need the video editing software or are you more comfortable with a rival program ? do you need to have the ability to create flash media ? if so . . . . by all means the coreldraw premium suite is probably perfect for you ! the video editor perfect for youtube and most video editing applications . while it may not rival final cut pro it will serve the needs of a vast majority of your video needs . . . . now if you are planning to edit a full length feature film my opinion may be a bit dfferent . installation you can pick and choose the programs that you want to install . final verdict coreldraw premium suite is a very robust software package . the reason why i am giving it 5 stars is that it may not have the absolute best software for your application it does provide a very good option for everything and in terms of value that earns a 5 star recommendation from me . 5 stars
turbotax downloads from amazon are the best . it is saved in your software library for years without having to keep track of it .
first off i did like using this software . it was simple to install , easy to use and functioned well . the problem that i see avg having is , proving enough worth for people to jump from the free version of their software to something that requires a yearly fee . a couple years ago i moved from norton s to mcafee and then finally to avg . i enjoyed it for the simplicity that it is . there is no bloated resource drain , etc . it does what it does well and easy . granted there are a few extra bells and whistles under the hood of the paid version but , is it enough for the average user ? in my opinion not really . for an average user like myself who does web surfing , email , and that s about it the added layers of security will largely go unnoticed or under utilized . don t mistake this review though . avg is very good software . there is a good value here but when a company gives away a version of something for free there needs to be a little more punch to get me to upgrade to a premium version .
toast 11 only works on intel mac s . i thought that toast 11 would work on 10 . 5 . 8 with a ppc chip but it only works on intel . guess i will have to buy a different version .
this version worked well for me , have upgraded since but i can recommend parallels .
i like . . . and don t like . . . this product . unlike other security software it minds its own business . it stays out of the way and doesn t pop up each time you try to go to a website like others do . i like that . however , i ve gotten some malware and wonder why did i get that if i have this program ? ? isn t this supposed to protect me on the internet ? isn t this supposed to free me from having to worry about putting any other software on my system ? i guess not . i won t remove it though . i ll just put something else on my system to get rid of the nuisance software , that s all . it s better than having the competition interrupt me every 5 seconds !
i will start out by saying that if you own or are planning to start a small business , this type of software is an absolute necessity . if you think you ll just wing it and get it later when you re in a better position to do so , don t . trust me , i ve been there and before you know it you will have a backlog of papers , information , data etc . that you absolutely can t catch up on . this is literally your business organizer for finances , customer information , employees , and paperwork . it s a good alternative to quickbooks . i ve noticed several comments about the user interface seeming a little dated . while i agree with that , it does give it somewhat of a no frills feel that might be preferred for people dealing with so much information and i don t feel its functionality is compromised or lessened in any way because of that . one thing i like is that there is plenty of support to help you learn each aspect of the software . there are short video tutorials to show you what you can do with the software and how it benefits you . also , there are cheat sheets for you to print out to help you get going . this will help you track payroll and deductions for employees . you can create quotes and invoices and post payments from customers and for your vendors . you can make payments and partial payments . multiple invoices for a single client can be pulled up at once . you are able to track your inventory , as well as jobs from start to finish . this will help you monitor the profitability of each of your jobs and help you stay on track with them , as well as help you see areas for improvement . you will be able to tell if you are receiving your payments and also be able to see when bills are due allowing you to keep your money in your possession as long as possible . and its important to remember that you don t have to use all of these features if they don t apply to your business . it s just important that you keep together all your business information and it will make running your business go so much more smoothly . in the long run , you will save an enormous amount of time . this is a good product that will meet your business organization needs .
as a user of peachtree that switched to quickbooks beacause it was so clunky and my accountant hated peachtree and used quickbooks , i find this version to be at least usable . the interface is much improved . i prefer quickbooks for the reports , intuitiveness , export to excel , online banking , and much reduced ad pitching . for my use , qb is far superior in these aspects and i can quickly fire of an accountants version of my books for the accountant to work his magic on and then easily reintegrate his changes . these things weren t as good for my purposes in sage 50 . i also prefer the predetermined business templates in qb . that said , if sage were all i knew and my accountant actually used it and didn t grumble when had to give him paper copies rather than a digital file , i would think it an acceptable solution for a simple small business . as it has an adequate charting engine , the budgeting features are sufficent , and the standard reports are as one would expect . tech support is good for both companies . i also prefer how qb doesn t beat me up with emails and phone calls when the newest version comes out . sage peachtree was relentless about it if i didn t have their maintenance agreement for tech support and upgrades . qb sends little reminders every once in a while or lets you know of the new features in new version on the initial popup window upon opening . that said , this is knowledge from about 2 years ago with sage peachtree , i can t speak to the new sage until the initial year is up . essentially , it will come down to preference in the interface and what files the accountant can take for each user .
peachtree accounting became known as sage not too long ago . peachtree has been a trusted name in accounting software for decades . i first used peachtree software in the mid 90 s for payroll purposes at a company i worked for at the time . i am primarily a quickbooks user but i wanted to give sage a shot . it is definitely a solid product and it seems like a well planned out piece of software and i could certainly see myself using it on a daily basis .
i ve used the peachtree package years back when operating a small business so i m familiar with the legacy background of sage . in many ways it operates the same ways but they ve tweaked some functions to leverage the power of new hardware . some may say they ve added so many features over the years that it s become a hodgepodge of glued together functions . perhaps so , but in essence it works and does what it needs to do . a complete rework of the interface is needed eventually but that will undoubtedly add more in the way of costs . overall functionality wise , this is a powerful piece of software that can easily handle up to medium sized businesses especially with the 3 user package which you ll pay a pretty penny for . before people get put off by the cost , remember that custom made software will easily cost you ten times as much and probably not as good in functions . operational wise , it ran perfectly smooth and fluid on my i7 3570k , which is a higher end system but hardly costly in this day and age so anyone could easily get one without breaking a sweat . therefore if you re having performance issues , might want to just spend a little to get a better system .
that winzip remains the standard by which file compression software is to be judged . i ve been a steady user of winzip for 20 years now , and while other compression programs are free , i always take the time to buy the new edition of this when it comes out . it remains one of the few essential software programs .
a good second fiddle for microsoft office .
there are a couple things i would like to see such as large files moved to the outside of the drive . or files used a lot are in the inside of the drive where it will take the information the fastest . give the user more control how the defrag gets done . i went as far as upgrading and registering the program rather than just using as is .
was not what i expected
happy happy joy joy ! it was just as it was advertised , so it gets four stars , what else is there to say ! they would get five stars if they went above and beyond what was advertised and expected . imagine if your grocery store was like this and you had to rate every product you purchased ! how annoying would that be ?
i purchased the upgrade directly from corel last year for just a little over 100 . i upgraded to painter 2016 from painter x3 because i liked the newer particle and other special fx brushes . when i found out that i could download and utilize most of the photoshop abr brushes available online , that convinced me to take the plunge . i m glad corel added this to painter 2016 , because i ve been adding many different types of special fx brushes since i purchased it . i ve lost cost of how many brushes i ve downloaded , but let s just say that i ll never have to purchase any of the brushes corel sells because i ve found many variations on them and so much more . plus , i ll never have to worry about creating any custom brushes because i now actually have more than i ll realistically ever use and then some ! ! ! ! i ve played around with many of them and have started utilizing some of them in a few recent illustrations . now , i can add many of the special effects that would ve been either too time consuming and labor intensive to do from scratch . just like with photoshop s lens flare , i have to constantly remind myself that any effects i choose should serve the illustration , not overwhelm it just for the record , i ve found many abr brush variations on the aforementioned lens flare , too . the only negative is that painter 2016 is slow to load when i initially click on it , no matter which of my laptops i use . after the first time , it boots up fairly quickly . overall , i love painter 2016 and i m likely to stick with it until a later version comes along that s substantially better .
my go to photo editing software . works with windows 10 pro 64bit .
